## 1.02	Saturday

###### in spite of oneself

>The blunt comment made Richard laugh in spite of himself(不由自主地).  
>	这番率直的话让理查德不由自主地大笑起来。

###### brink

> Rising temperatures and overfishing in the pristine waters around the Antarctic could see king penguin populations pushed to the brink(悬崖峭壁的边缘) of extinction by the end of the century 

###### extinction

>Rising temperatures and overfishing in the pristine waters around the Antarctic could see king penguin populations pushed to the brink(悬崖峭壁的边缘) of extinction(灭绝) by the end of the century 

###### stark

>But today's report is the starkest(最严酷的) warning yet of the potentially devastating impact on whales,seals and penguins

###### devastating

> But today's report is the starkest warning yet of the potentially devastating(毁灭性的) impact on whales,seals and penguins

​	**devastate**

​	英 [ˈdevəsteɪt]   美 [ˈdɛvəˌstet]  

###### nutrient-rich

>The roots transmit moisture and nutrient(营养物) to the trunk and branches.  
>	根将水分和养料输送到干和枝.

​	**nutrition**

###### chick

> This means that king penguins,which feed on fish and krill in this body of water,have to travel further to their feeding grounds,leaving their hungry chicks(小鸡，这里在这里应该是孩子的意思吧) for longer.

###### plight

> The plight(境况) of the king penguin should serve as a warning about the future of the entire marine environment in the Antarctic

###### sleet

>Northern Kentucky is likely to get snow mixed with sleet.  
>	肯塔基州北部可能有雨夹雪。

​	英 [sli:t]   美 [slit] 

###### hail

>It started to hail, huge great stones.
>
>​	天空开始下冰雹，巨大的雹子
>
>Hail fell with such violence that it broke windows.  
>	冰雹猛落,把玻璃窗也砸破了

###### snow

###### frost

###### blizzard

###### mild

###### breezy

> light wind

###### humid

> The air is very humid

###### muggy

###### drizzle

> A constant but gentle flow of rain

###### shower

> That means it's more sporadic or occasional

###### hot

###### scorching

###### sweltering

###### boiling

###### humidity

###### humid

###### blistering

> A blistering sun



###### autumnal

​	**autumn**

###### blustery

###### misty

​	**mist**

###### foggy

​	**fog**

###### moisture

###### gale

###### hurricane

###### tornado

> It's when wind goes around in a vortex

###### vortex

###### bride

> As far as I can tell the bride(新娘) wasn't really expecting me

###### bridegroom

> 新狼

​	**groom**

###### to my mind

> 我认为

###### as far as I'm concerned

> 我认为

