## 1.05	Tuesday

> to rise abruptly based on its accumulated strength

###### frank

> To be frank

###### abolish

> In the mid 1800s,slavery was abolished(废除) in America.

​	英 [əˈbɒlɪʃ]   美 [əˈbɑlɪʃ]  

###### battalion

> The whole battalion(军营; （有组织的）队伍;) of soldiers marched through the desert

​	英 [bəˈtæliən]   美 [bəˈtæljən] 

###### diploma

> After four years of hard work,I finally got my college diploma(毕业证书)

​	英 [dɪˈpləʊmə]   美 [dɪˈploʊmə] 

###### crumble

> He crumbled(弄碎，使破碎) the snack noodle into pieces before eating it

###### exquisite

> exquisite life

​	英 [ɪkˈskwɪzɪt]   美 [ɪkˈskwɪzɪt] 

###### spoof

> This is a spoof of Last Supper
>
> ​	这是名画最后的晚餐的模仿版

​	英 [spu:f]   美 [spuf] 

###### supper

> What's for supper? 晚饭吃什么？
>
>  I'll do my homework after supper. 晚饭后我要做家庭作业。

​	英 [ˈsʌpə(r)]   美 [ˈsʌpər] 

###### powder

> The milk powder provides the baby with supplemtentary nutrients
>
> ​	这种奶粉为婴儿补充营养
>
> powder keg
>
> ​	火药桶

​	英 [ˈpaʊdə(r)]   美 [ˈpaʊdɚ] 

###### lease

> He leased(租的) an expensive apartment for one year

###### concave

> A bowl is good example of a concave(凹的) object

​	**convex**

###### subsistence

> His family is struggling on the subsistence(仅能够维持生活的状态) level
>
> They had no visible means of subsistence. 他们生计无着。

###### spur

> The cowboy spurred(策马，踢马刺的方式驱马前进) his horse to run faster

​	英 [spɜ:(r)] 美 [spɜ:(r)]

###### chop

> She can't hold her tears when she chops(切碎) the onion

###### toxic

> The green stuff in the bottle is toxic(有毒的)

​	英 [ˈtɒksɪk]   美 [ˈtɑːksɪk] 

###### deduct

> Two points will be deducted(减去) for a wrong answer

###### correlate

> The chart shows that level of income correlates(相关联) with the level of education

​	英 [ˈkɒrələt , ˈkɒrəleɪt]   美 [ˈkɔːrələt , ˈkɔːrəleɪt] 

###### compartment

> The four compartments(隔间) contain four different candies
>
> ​	这句话的背景是：有一个小盒子，有四个区域，放了不同的糖

###### impetus

> One impetus for the policy is that companies are already starting to build massive constellations,comprising hundreds of thousands of satellites with many moving parts among them

​	英 [ˈɪmpɪtəs]   美 [ˈɪmpɪtəs] 

###### comprise

###### slam

> Two or more satellites slamming into each other could create many more out-of-control bits that would pose even more hazards to the growing collection of satellites in space

###### vigorously

​	`very active, determined or full of energy`

> That's why this new policy also includes directions to update the current U.S. Government Orbital Debris Mitigation Standard Practices, which already require any entity that launches a satellite or spacecraft to vigorously(可以理解为积极地，坚决地，主动地) analyze the likelihood that any of their actions, from an unexpected failure or normal operations, will create more space debris.

​	英 ['vɪɡərəslɪ]   美 [ˈvɪɡərəslɪ] 