## 1.06	Wednesday

###### aesthetic

> The oil painting has great aesthetic(美学的) value

###### estate

> The real estate(房地产) broker is showing the young couple a house

###### silk

> She said the taste of the chocolate is as smooth as silk(丝绸).

###### compass

> When you get lost outdoors,you can use a compass(指南针)

###### auditorium

> Auditorium(礼堂) are often used to hold speeches and lectures

###### kettle

> The kettle(烧水用的壶) is heated by electrical power

###### furnace

> Be careful around the hot furnace(火炉，熔炉)

​	英 [ˈfɜːnɪs]   美 [ˈfɜːrnɪs] 

###### marathon

> To win a marathon(马拉松),you need super-human endurance levels

###### tan

> I can get a tan(晒成棕褐色或晒黑的皮肤) while lying in the sun

###### pint

> This big cup can hold a pint(品脱，容量单位，在美国约合0.473升) of beer

###### swarm

> Oh no,a swarm(蜂群) of bees is chasing me

###### dispensable

> Wi-Fi is indispensable(不可或缺的) in modern life

###### insulator

> Wires should be covered in an insulator(绝缘体) like rubber

​	英 [ˈɪnsjuleɪtə(r)]   美 [ˈɪnsəleɪtər] 

###### barricade

> We can't drive this way;there are barricades(路障) blocking the road

​	英 [ˌbærɪˈkeɪd]   美 [ˈbærɪkeɪd] 

###### neutralize

> The cat's advanced weapon neutralized(消灭) his opponents

​	**wipe out**

###### mole

> She was worried about the mole(黑痣) on her face - was it new? Would it go away?

###### coherent

> The coherent(协调一致的) plan meant that everyone knew how to reach the target

###### solitary

>When I re-entered the full-time workforce a few years ago after a decade of solitary(孤独的) self-employment,
>
>​	他先孤独，然后想找朋友，后来又觉得没必要

​	**solitary**

###### 1

> This is surprising when you consider the prevailing emphasis by scholars(学者) and trainers and managers on the importance of cultivating close interpersonal relationships at work. .

###### cultivate

> This is surprising when you consider the prevailing emphasis by scholars and trainers and managers on the mportance of cultivating(培养) close interpersonal relationships at work.

​	英 [ˈkʌltɪveɪt]   美 [ˈkʌltɪveɪt] 

###### thus far

> The limited research conducted thus far(迄今为止) indicates they're especially dominant among those who value independence over cooperation and harmony over confrontation

###### empirically 

>But there are nonetheless several empirically(以经验为主地) proven benefits.

​	英 [ɪm'pɪrɪklɪ]   美 [ɪm'pɪrɪklɪ] 

###### esteem

>The other is self-esteem(尊重). As human beings, we' re primed to compare ourselves to each other in what is an anxiety-inducing phenomenon. Apparently, we look down on acquaintances more so than friends. Since the former is most common among those inclined towards indifferent relationships，their predominance can bolster individuals' sense of self-worth.

###### prime

>The other is self-esteem. As human beings, we' re primed to compare ourselves to each other in what is an anxiety-inducing phenomenon. Apparently, we look down on acquaintances more so than friends. Since the former is most common among those inclined towards indifferent relationships，their predominance can bolster individuals' sense of self-worth.

###### acquaintance

> The other is self-esteem. As human beings, we' re primed to compare ourselves to each other in what is an anxiety-inducing phenomenon. Apparently, we look down on acquaintances(认识的人，不是熟人) more so than friends. Since the former is most common among those inclined towards indifferent relationships，their predominance can bolster individuals' sense of self-worth.

​	英 [əˈkweɪntəns]   美 [əˈkweɪntəns] 

###### predominance 

> The other is self-esteem. As human beings, we' re primed to compare ourselves to each other in what is an anxiety-inducing phenomenon. Apparently, we look down on acquaintances more so than friends. Since the former is most common among those inclined towards indifferent relationships，their predominance(优势) can bolster individuals' sense of self-worth.

###### bolster 

> The other is self-esteem. As human beings, we' re primed to compare ourselves to each other in what is an anxiety-inducing phenomenon. Apparently, we look down on acquaintances more so than friends. Since the former is most common among those inclined towards indifferent relationships，their predominance can bolster(加强) individuals' sense of self-worth.

###### ego

>She was a prisoner of her own ego.  
>	她为自己的自尊心所困。
>
>He has the biggest ego of anyone I've ever met.  
>	他是我所见的最自负的人。

###### aside

> ego aside	抛开ego先不谈

###### evaluation

>The evaluation of conduct involves some amount of generalization.  
>	对操行的评价会含有一些泛泛之论。

​	**evolution**



###### surpass

> In a few decades, artificial intelligence (AI) will surpass(超过) many of the abilities that we believe make us special.

###### foster

> If I'm right ,we should foster(促进，培养，鼓励) a creative spirit because a dose of illogical creativity will complement the rationality of the machine

###### dose

> If I'm right ,we should foster(促进，培养，鼓励) a creative spirit because a dose(一剂) of illogical creativity will complement the rationality of the machine

###### mould

> Unfortunately, however, our education system has not caught up to the approaching reality. Indeed, our schools and universities are structured to mould(塑造) pupils to be mostly obedient servants of rationality, and to develop outdated skills in interacting with outdated machines.

###### obedient

> Unfortunately, however, our education system has not caught up to the approaching reality. Indeed, our schools and universities are structured to mould pupils to be mostly obedient(顺从的) servants of rationality, and to develop outdated skills in interacting with outdated machines.

###### servant

> Unfortunately, however, our education system has not caught up to the approaching reality. Indeed, our schools and universities are structured to mould pupils to be mostly obedient servants(仆人) of rationality, and to develop outdated skills in interacting with outdated machines.

###### 2

> It is yet to be emulated by AI
>
> ​	它还有待人工智能模仿

