## 1.11	Monday

###### ingredient

​	`one of the things from which sth is made, especially one of the foods that are used together to make a particular dish 成分；（尤指烹饪）原料`

> You may have heard that Coca-Cola once contained an ingredient(原料) capable of sparking particular devotion in consumer: cocaine.

###### get around

> and Pemberton's sweet brew was a way to get around(绕开) local laws prohibiting the sale of alcohol

###### alcohol

> and Pemberton's sweet brew was a way to get around(绕开) local laws prohibiting the sale of alcohol(含酒精的饮品)

​	英 [ˈælkəhɒl]   美 [ˈælkəhɔːl] 

###### potent

​	`having a strong effect on your body or mind 有强效的；有力的；烈性的；影响身心的`

> a potent drug
>
> ​	猛药
>
> a very potent alcoholic brew 烈性酒精饮料

​	英 [ˈpəʊtnt]   美 [ˈpoʊtnt] 

###### grave

> The leafy,spreading trees were planted on graves(坟墓) and as part of traditional rituals

​	英 [ɡreɪv , ɡrɑːv]   美 [ɡreɪv , ɡrɑːv] 

###### ritual

>The leafy,spreading trees were planted on graves(坟墓) and as part of traditional rituals(仪式)

​	英 [ˈrɪtʃuəl]   美 [ˈrɪtʃuəl] 

###### moist

> Even though the nuts,which need to stay moist(潮湿的),can be somewhat delicate to transport,traders carried them hundreds of miles throughout the forests and glasslands

​	英 [mɔɪst]   美 [mɔɪst] 

###### ferry

> And while the Portuguese took part in the trade,ferrying(用渡船运送) nuts down the coast along with other goods

###### peculiar

​	`strange or unusual, especially in a way that is unpleasant or worrying 怪异的；奇怪的；不寻常的`

> by 1620,when English explorer Richard Jobson made his way up the Gambia, the nuts were still peculiar(不寻常的) to his eyes.

###### tonne

> By the late 19th Century, kola nuts were being shipped by the tonne(吨) to Europe and the US.

###### grace

> When cocaine eventually fell from grace(失宠) as a beverage ingredient,kola-extract colas became popular
>
> ​	失宠抽象了，此处意思为不被当成一个medical material

###### serving

​	`an amount of food for one person （供一个人吃的）一份食物`

>The first year it was available, Coca-Cola averaged nine servings(杯) a day across all the Atlanta soda fountains(丰富来源，源泉) where it was sold

###### iconic

​	`acting as a sign or symbol of sth 符号的；图标的；图符的；偶像的`

> It's become so iconic(深入人心的) that attempts to change its taste in 1985- sweetening it in a move projected to boost sales- proved disastrous, with widespread anger from consumers.

###### guarded

> These days, the Coca-Cola recipe is a closely guarded(谨慎的) secret. But it's said to no longer contain kola nut extract,relying instead on artificial imitations to achieve the flavour.

​	**guard	守卫，看护**

###### capital

​	`a large amount of money that is invested or is used to start a business 资本`

> Analyzing and comparing cities using the lens of this basic divide gives interesting context to how investment capital(资本) flows and housing prices have shifted.
>
> ​	资本流动和房价变动

###### downtown

> 18-hour cities combine the best of 24-hour and 9-5 cities, which contributes to downtown(市中心) revitalization.

###### revitalization

> 18-hour cities combine the best of 24-hour and 9-5 cities, which contributes to downtown revitalization(复兴).

###### tenant

> Movement out of city centers was widespread, and downtown tenants(房客) were predominantly(占主导地位地) made up of the working poor(穷忙族)
>
> ​	在市中心居住的主要是working poor

###### revenue

> This generated little commerce for downtown businesses in the evenings, which made business and generating tax revenue(税收) for municipal upkeep difficult.

​	英 [ˈrevənjuː]   美 [ˈrevənuː] 

###### upkeep 

>This generated little commerce for downtown businesses in the evenings, which made business and generating tax revenue for municipal upkeep(维持) difficult.
