## 1.12	Tuesday

###### plunge

​	`to move or make sb/sth move suddenly forwards and/or downwards`

>In the beginning of the movie I, Robot, a robot has to decide whom to save after two cars plunge into the water-Del Spooner or a child

​	英 [plʌndʒ]   美 [plʌndʒ] 

###### evade

> Isaac Asimov evaded(逃避) the whole notion of morality in devising his three laws of robotics.

###### safeguard

> Whether it's possible to program a robot with safeguards(保护) such as Asimov 's laws is debatable.

###### fiction

> The robots in Asimov's fiction(小说) expose complications and loopholes in the three laws

​	英 [ˈfɪkʃn]   美 [ˈfɪkʃn] 

###### complication

> The robots in Asimov's fiction expose complications(复杂) and loopholes in the three laws,

###### loophole

> The robots in Asimov's fiction expose complications and loopholes(漏洞) in the three laws,

###### imperilled

> But when two H-bots became imperiled(处于危险中的), the robot choked 42 percent of the time, unable to decide which to save and letting them both“die."

###### dual

> The latest iPhone 6s, for example, has a dual(双的)-core processor and fits nicely into your pocket.

​	英 [ˈdjuːəl]   美 [ˈduːəl] 

###### tip

​	`the thin pointed end of sth 尖端；尖儿；端`

> However,this is just the tip of the proverbial iceberg

###### 1

> Online security cameras, intelligent lighting and a wealth of sensors that control both temperature and air quality are offering an unprecedented level of control, efficiency, and improvements to what were once classed necessary costs when running a business or managing a large building.

​	**unprecedented	前所未有的**

​	**precedent**

###### leverage

> The biggest and most exciting challenge of this technology is how to creatively leverage(利用) this ever-growing amount of data to deliver cost savings, improvements and tangible benefits to both businesses and citizens of these smart cities.

###### tangible 

>The biggest and most exciting challenge of this technology is how to creatively leverage(利用) this ever-growing amount of data to deliver cost savings, improvements and tangible(有形的) benefits to both businesses and citizens of these smart cities.

###### frantic

​	`done quickly and with a lot of activity, but in a way that is not very well organized 紧张忙乱的；手忙脚乱的`

> It is the season for some frantic(疯狂的) last-minute math- -across the country, employees of all stripes are counting backward in an attempt to figure out just how much paid time-off they have left in their reserves.
>
> Things are frantic in the office right now.
> 	现在办公室里是忙作一团。

###### stripe

​	`a long narrow line of colour, that is a different colour from the areas next to it 条纹；线条`

> It is the season for some frantic last-minute math- -across the country, employees of all stripes(各行各业的员工) are counting backward in an attempt to figure out just how much paid time-off they have left in their reserves.

​	**strike	strike for sth	为...罢工**

###### use up

​	`completely 完全；彻底地	`

​	`We ate all the food up. 我们把食物吃光了。`

> More than half of American workers don't use up(用完) all of their allotted vacation days each year.

###### turn up sb's nose

> Not so long ago, people would have turned up their noses(嗤之以鼻) at that kind of dedication to the job.

###### ladder

> in another, people wearing wireless headphones were considered further up on the social ladder(阶梯) than those wearing regular headphones, even when both were just used to listen to music.

###### sacrifice

> Even if you feel tempted(被引诱（而想做）的) to sacrifice(牺牲) your own vacation days for fake busyness, though, at least consider leaving your weekends unscheduled. It's for your own good.

###### contempt

> They would look upon it with contempt(轻视)

###### remain

> At the base of a mountain in Tanzania's Gregory Rift, Lake Natron burns bright red, surrounded by the remains(残骸) of animals that were unfortunate enough to fall into the salty water, Bats, swallows and more are chemically preserved in the pose in which they perished, sealed in the deposits of sodium carbonate in the water.

###### swallow

> At the base of a mountain in Tanzania's Gregory Rift, Lake Natron burns bright red, surrounded by the remains(残骸) of animals that were unfortunate enough to fall into the salty water, Bats, swallows(燕子) and more are chemically preserved in the pose in which they perished, sealed in the deposits of sodium carbonate in the water.

###### perish

> At the base of a mountain in Tanzania's Gregory Rift, Lake Natron burns bright red, surrounded by the remains(残骸) of animals that were unfortunate enough to fall into the salty water, Bats, swallows(燕子) and more are chemically preserved in the pose in which they perished(死亡), sealed in the deposits of sodium carbonate in the water.

###### bizarre

​	`very strange or unusual 极其怪诞的；异乎寻常的`

> The lake's landscape is bizarre(奇异的) and deadly- -and made even more so by the fact that it's the place where nearly 75 percent of the world's famingos(火烈鸟) are born.

​	英 [bɪˈzɑː(r)]   美 [bɪˈzɑːr] 

###### corrosive

> The water is so corrosive(腐蚀性的) that it can burn the skin and eyes of unadapted animals.

​	英 [kəˈrəʊsɪv]   美 [kəˈroʊsɪv] 

###### nest

> Three-quarters of the world's flamingos fly over from other salt lakes in the Rift Valley and nest(筑巢) on salt-crystal islands that appear when the water is at a specific level

###### briskly

> too low and predators can move briskly(快速地) across the lake bed and attack.

###### ditch

> When the water hits the right level ,the baby birds are kept safe from predators by a corrosive ditch(沟渠)

​	英 [dɪtʃ]   美 [dɪtʃ] 

###### leathery

> “Flamingos have evolved very leathery(似皮革的) skin on their legs so they can tolerate the salt water,"

###### outgoing

​	`[只用于名词前] leaving the position of responsibility mentioned 将卸任的；离职的`

> In an email sent Monday to college presidents in the Tennesee Board of Regents system, outgoing(即将离任的) Chancellor John Morgan said an internal analysis showed that each campus' spending on facilities management fell well below the industry standards identified by the state.
>
> the outgoing president/government
> 	即将下台的总统 / 政府

​	`liking to meet other people, enjoying their company and being friendly towards them 爱交际的；友好的；外向的`

###### resign

> Why did John Morgan decide to resign(离职)?
>
> ​	觉得别人方案不合理，离职了

