## 1.14	Thursday

###### finalise

​	` to complete the last part of a plan, trip, project, etc. 把（计划、旅行、项目等）最后定下来；定案`

> The Paris climate agreement finalised(最终决定) in December last year heralded a new era for climate action.

​	**finalize**

###### heralded

> The Paris climate agreement finalised in December last year heralded(预示...的来临) a new era for climate action.

###### incur

​	`if you incur costs, you have to pay them 引致，带来（成本、花费等）`

>Developed nations such as Australia, the United States, Canada, and European countries are essentially climate“free-riders": causing the majority of the problems through high greenhouse gas emissions, while incurring(遭受) few of the costs such as climate change's impact on food and water.

###### scarcely

> On the flip side, there are many“forced riders”，who are suffering from the climate change impacts despite having scarcely(adv.几乎没有) contributed to the problem.

###### hail

​	`[ usually passive] ~ sb/sth (as) sth to describe sb/sth as being very good or special, especially in newspapers, etc. 赞扬（或称颂）…为…（尤用于报章等）`

> The Paris agreement has been widely hailed(称赞) as a positive step forward in addressing climate change for all, although the details on addressing “climate justice” can be best described as sketchy.

###### sketchy

​	`not complete or detailed and therefore not very useful 粗略的；概略的；不完备的`

> The Paris agreement has been widely hailed(称赞) as a positive step forward in addressing climate change for all, although the details on addressing “climate justice” can be best described as sketchy(粗略的).

###### mobilisation

> There must urgently be a meaningful mobilisation(动员) of the policies outlined in the agreement if we are to achieve national emissions reductions while helping the most vulnerable countries adapt to climate change

​	**mobilization**

###### tyrant

> And it is clearly up to the current generation of leaders from high-emitting nations to decide whether they want to be remembered as climate change tyrants(暴君) or pioneers.

###### adolescent

> But a new study finds that there's another group of adolescents(青少年) who are in nearly as much danger of experiencing the same psychiatric symptoms: teens who use tons of media, don't get enough sleep and have a sedentary (不爱活动的) lifestyle.

###### crack

> “In some ways they're at greater risk of falling through the cracks(裂缝)," says researcher Vladimir Carli. “While most parents, teachers and clinicians would react to an adolescent using drugs or getting drunk, they may easily overlook teenagers who are engaging in inconspicuous behaviors.
>
> ​	**fall through the cracks	疏忽**

###### inconspicuous 

> “In some ways they're at greater risk of falling through the cracks(裂缝)," says researcher Vladimir Carli. “While most parents, teachers and clinicians would react to an adolescent using drugs or getting drunk, they may easily overlook teenagers who are engaging in inconspicuous(不显眼的) behaviors.

​	英 [ˌɪnkənˈspɪkjuəs]   美 [ˌɪnkənˈspɪkjuəs] 

###### liable

> They are almost as liable(有责任的) to depression as the high-risk group.

###### endorsement

​	`a public statement or action showing that you support sb/sth （公开的）赞同，支持，认可`

> It's a dramatic endorsement(认可) for a technology most people think about only when their smartphone goes dark
>
> ​	博士开了电池公司，是对电池技术巨大的认可

​	英 [ɪnˈdɔ:smənt]   美 [ɪnˈdɔrsmənt] 

###### trumpet

​	`~ sth (as sth)to talk about sth publicly in a proud or enthusiastic way 宣扬；鼓吹；吹嘘`

> But Sadoway isn't alone in trumpeting(宣扬) energy storage as a missing link to a cleaner, more efficient, and more equitable energy future.

​	英 [ˈtrʌmpɪt]   美 [ˈtrʌmpɪt] 

###### 1

> Scientists and engineers have long believed in the promise(前景) of batteries to change the world. Advanced batteries are moving out(走出) of specialized markets and creeping into the mainstream, signaling(标志) a tipping point(临界点) for forward-looking technologies such as electric cars and rooftop solar panels.

###### trivial

> Still,as impressive as all this is,it may be trivial(微不足道的) compared with what comes next.

###### poised

​	`[ not before noun] ~ (on, above, over, etc. sth)~ (to do sth)in a position that is completely still but is ready to move at any moment 处于准备状态；蓄势待发`

> Having already enabled a communications revolution, the battery is now poised(准备好) to transform just about everything else.

​	`having a calm and confident manner and in control of your feelings and behaviour 泰然自若的；沉着自信的；稳健的`

> A man who is poised	泰然自若的男人

###### bypass

​	`to go around or avoid a place 绕过；避`

> In emerging economies, rural communities are bypassing(绕开) the wires and wooden poles that spread power.

###### illuminate

​	`to shine light on sth 照明；照亮；照射`

> Instead, some in Africa and Asia are seeing their first lightbulbs illuminated(照亮) by the power of sunlight stored in batteries.
>
> The earth is illuminated by the sun. 太阳照亮地球。 

​	`( formal ) to make sth clearer or easier to understand 阐明；解释`

> Michael Yudell, a professor of public health at Drexel University in Philadelphia, said that modern genetics，research is operating in a paradox(悖论): on the one hand, race is understood to be a useful tool to illuminate(阐明) human genetic diversity, but on the other hand, race is also understood to be a poorly defined marker of that diversity.

###### breakthrough

> Today's battery breakthroughs(突破) come as the world looks to expand modern energy access to the billion or so people without it, while also cutting back on fuels that warm the planet.

###### paradox

>Michael Yudell, a professor of public health at Drexel University in Philadelphia, said that modern genetics，research is operating in a paradox(悖论): on the one hand, race is understood to be a useful tool to illuminate human genetic diversity, but on the other hand, race is also understood to be a poorly defined marker of that diversity.

###### discrimination

​	`[ U] ~ (against sb)~ (in favour of sb)the practice of treating sb or a particular group in society less fairly than others 区别对待；歧视；偏袒`

>age/racial/sex/sexual discrimination *(= because of sb's age, race or sex)* 年龄╱种族╱性别歧视
>
>discrimination against the elderly 歧视老人

​	英 [dɪˌskrɪmɪˈneɪʃn]   美 [dɪˌskrɪmɪˈneɪʃn] 