## 1.15	Friday

###### comedy

> Nearly a decade ago it was predicted that viewers of “Friends”, a popular situation comedy(情景喜剧), would soon be able to purchase a sweater like Jennifer Aniston's with a few taps on their remote control

​	**remedy**

###### reckon

> The amount spent on interactive advertising on television is still small. Magna, an advertising agency, reckons(预测) it will be worth about $138 million this year.

###### surge

​	`( of prices, profits, etc. 物价、利润等 ) to suddenly increase in value 急剧上升；飞涨；激增`

> BrightLine iTV, which designs and sells interactive ads, says interest has surged(高涨): it expects its revenues almost to triple this year

###### click-through

> 点击

###### 1

> What can be done about mass unemployment?

###### clarity

> our unemployment crisis could be cured very quickly if we had the intellectual clarity(清晰地理智) and political will to

###### proclaim

​	`[ also VN to inf also V wh-] to publicly and officially tell people about sth important 宣布；宣告；声明`

> I've been looking at what self-proclaimed experts were saying about unemployment during the Great Depression
>
> He proclaimed himself emperor. 他自封为皇帝

​	**self-proclaimed	自封的**

​	**self-declared	自封的**

###### stimulus

> A few years later, a large defense buildup finally provided a fiscal(财政的) stimulus(刺激) adequate to the economy's needs

​	英 [ˈstɪmjələs]   美 [ˈstɪmjələs] 

###### cripple

​	`to seriously damage or harm sb/sth 严重毁坏（或损害）`

> they offer a reason to do nothing about the mass unemployment that is crippling(损害) out economy and our society.

​	英 [ˈkrɪpl]   美 [ˈkrɪpl] 

###### revise

>The commission's revised(改进的，修订的) “Green Guides ”warn marketers against using labels that make broad claims, like "eco-friendly"

###### handful

​	`[ C] ~ (of sth)the amount of sth that can be held in one hand 一把（的量）；用手抓起的数量`

> A handful(少数) of lawsuits have been filed in recent years against companies accused of using misleading environmental labels

###### lawsuit

>A handful(少数) of lawsuits(诉讼) have been filed in recent years against companies accused of using misleading environmental labels

###### accuse

​	`[ VN] ~ sb (of sth) to say that sb has done sth wrong or is guilty of sth 控告；控诉；谴责`

>A handful(少数) of lawsuits(诉讼) have been filed in recent years against companies accused(指控) of using misleading environmental labels

​	英 [əˈkjuːz]   美 [ əˈkjuːz] 

###### favorable

> What is environmental scientist Pay Drechsel's attitude towards the use of untreated human waste in agriculture?
>
> ​	favorable(赞成的)

​	**favorite**

###### outweigh

>While the practice carries serious health risks for many, those dangers are outweighed(超过) by the social and economic gains for poor urban farmers and consumers who need affordable food.

###### escalated

>Facing water shortages and escalating(逐步上涨的) fertilizer costs, farmers in developing countries are using raw sewage (下水道污水) to irrigate and fertilize nearly 49 million acres of cropland, according to a new report- -and it may not be a bad thing.

​	[ˈeskəleitid] 

###### contaminate

> More than 80% of those cases can be attributed to contact with contaminated(受污染的) water and a lack of proper sanitation

​	英 [kənˈtæmɪneɪt]   美 [kənˈtæmɪneɪt] 

###### sanitation

> More than 80% of those cases can be attributed to contact with contaminated(受污染的) water and a lack of proper sanitation(环境卫生)

###### vehicle

​	`~ (for sth)something that can be used to express your ideas or feelings or as a way of achieving sth （赖以表达思想、感情或达到目的的）手段，工具`

> Cooking is an occasional hobby and a vehicle for celebrity chefs.

###### celebrity 

>Cooking is an occasional hobby and a vehicle for celebrity(名人) chefs.

###### chef

>Cooking is an occasional hobby and a vehicle for celebrity(名人) chefs(厨师).

###### odd

​	`strange or unusual 奇怪的；怪异的；反常的`

> Which makes it odd(奇怪的) that the kitchen has become the heart of the modern house