## 1.16	Saturday

###### exert

​	`V-T If someone or something **exerts** influence, authority, or pressure, they use it in a strong or determined way, especially in order to produce a particular effect. 施加 (影响、压力); 运用 (权威) [正式]`

> from being concerned exclusively about individual patients to exerting(施加) influence on how healthcare dollars are spent

​	英 [ɪɡˈzɜːt]   美 [ɪɡˈzɜːrt] 

###### in practical terms

> 实际上

###### obligation

​	`N-VAR If you have an obligation **to** do something, it is your duty to do that thing. 义务`

> Traditionally, guidelines have heavily influenced the practice of medicine, and the latest ones are expected to make doctors more conscious of the economic consequences of their decisions, even though there’s no obligation(义务) to follow them

###### overseer

> Some doctors see a potential conflict in trying to be both providers of patient care and financial overseers(监工)

###### simultaneously

> There should be forces in society who should be concerned about the budget, but they shouldn’t be functioning simultaneously(同时地) as doctors

​	英 [ˌsɪməl'teɪnɪəslɪ]   美 [saɪməlˈtenɪəslɪ] 

###### mobility

> but because inequality itself destroys upward mobility(上进心), making it harder for the poor to escape from poverty

###### descent

​	` N-UNCOUNT You use descent to talk about a person's family background, for example, their nationality or social status. 出身 [正式]`

> One hundred years ago, “Colored” was the typical way of referring to Americans of African descent(血统)

###### free

> This one was chosen because it echoed the labels of groups, such as “Italian Americans” and “Irish Americans,” that had already been **freed(免除)** of widespread discrimination.

###### perceive

​	` V-T If you perceive something, you see, notice, or realize it, especially when it is not obvious. 感知到`

> A recent study, conducted by Emory University’s Erika Hall, found that “Black” people are viewed more negatively than “African Americans” because of a perceived(感觉的过去分词) difference in socioeconomic status.
>
> Students must perceive for themselves the relationship between success and effort.
>
> ​	学生们必须自己去认识到成功与努力之间的关系。

###### striking

>The study’s most striking(引人注目的) findings shed light on the racial biases(偏见) permeating the professional world

###### bias

​	`N-VAR **Bias** is a tendency to prefer one person or thing to another, and to favour that person or thing. 偏见`

> The study’s most striking findings **shed light on(揭示)** the racial biases(偏见) permeating the professional world

​	英 [ˈbaɪəs]   美 [ˈbaɪəs] 

###### permeate

​	`( of an idea, an influence, a feeling, etc. 思想、影响、感情等 ) to affect every part of sth 感染；传播；扩散`

> The study’s most striking findings **shed light on(揭示)** the racial biases(偏见) permeating(渗透) the professional world
>
> a belief that permeates all levels of society 深入社会各阶层的看法

###### seemingly

​	`ADV If something is **seemingly** the case, you mean that it appears to be the case, even though it may not really be so. 好似; 看上去 [ADV adj/adv]`

> Even seemingly(看起来地) harmless details on a resume, it appears, can tap into recruiters’ biases

​	英 [ˈsi:mɪŋli]   美 [ˈsiːmɪŋli] 

###### standing

> With little else to go on, they were asked to estimate Mr. Williams’s salary, professional standing(身份), and educational background.

