## 1.17	Sunday

###### retain

​	`to keep sth; to continue to have sth 保持；持有；保留；继续拥有`

>to retain your independence 保持独立
>
>He struggled to retain control of the situation. 他曾努力保持对局势的控制。 
>
>The house retains much of its original charm. 这所房子保留了许多原有的魅力。 
>
>She retained her tennis title for the third year. 她第三年保住了网球冠军的头衔。 

###### bald

​	`having little or no hair on the head 秃顶的；秃头的`

> The researchers asked fifth graders and college students to create a recovery plan to protect bald(秃顶的) eagles from extinction
>
> He started **going bald** in his twenties. 他二十几岁便开始谢顶。

###### amateur

> “There’s an old saying in the space world: amateurs(业余爱好者) talk about technology, professionals talk about insurance.” 

​	英 [ˈæmətə(r)]   美 [ˈæmətər] 

###### cold comfort

> But insurance will be cold comfort(无用的安慰) following the failure on October 31st of VSS Enterprise, resulting in the death of one pilot and the severe injury to another

###### tragic

​	`making you feel very sad, usually because sb has died or suffered a lot 悲惨的；悲痛的；可悲的`

> On top of the tragic(悲惨的) loss of life, the accident in California will cast a long shadow over the future of space tourism, even before it has properly begun

###### aboard

>The notion of space tourism took hold in 2001 with a $ 20 million flight aboard(prep.在船上/在飞机上) a Russian spacecraft by Dennis Tito, a millionaire engineer with an adventurous streak.

###### venture

​	`a business project or activity, especially one that involves taking risks （尤指有风险的）企业，商业，投机活动，经营项目`

> But more recently, companies have begun to plan more affordable “suborbital” flights —briefer ventures(冒险) just to the edge of spacers vast darkness
>
> A disastrous business venture lost him thousands of dollars. 一个彻底失败的经营项目使他损失严重。
>
> ​	**lose sb sth**

###### dog

> After being dogged(困扰) by technical delays for years, Sir Richard Branson, Virgin Galactic’s founder, had recently suggested that a SpaceShipTwo craft would carry its first paying customers as soon as February 2015
>
> He had been dogged by bad health all his life.
> 	他一生多病，备受折磨。

###### secretary

​	`( **US** ) the head of a government department, chosen by the President 部长；大臣`

> The 2004 Commercial Space Launch Amendments Act, intended to encourage private space vehicles and services, prohibits the transportation secretary(交通部长) (and thereby the FAA) from regulating the design or operation of private spacecraft

###### entail

​	`[ *VN -ing*] to involve sth that cannot be avoided 牵涉；需要；使必要`

> There is no doubt that spaceflight entails(牵涉) risks, and to pioneer a new mode of travel is to face those risks, and to reduce them with the benefit of hard-won experience
>
> The job entails a lot of hard work. 这工作需要十分艰苦的努力。

###### deteriorate

​	`[ *V*] ~ (into sth) to become worse 变坏；恶化；退化`

> Air pollution is deteriorating(恶化) in many places around the world
>
> Her health deteriorated rapidly, and she died shortly afterwards. 她的健康状况急剧恶化，不久便去世了。
>
> The discussion quickly deteriorated into an angry argument. 这场讨论迅速演变成愤怒的争吵

​	英 [dɪˈtɪəriəreɪt]   美 [dɪˈtɪriəreɪt] 

###### flock

​	`to go or gather together somewhere in large numbers 群集；聚集；蜂拥`

> They do not all know what they are seeking but they flock(聚集) there

###### unfold

> Perhaps struggle unfolds(打开) first, not at an economic or social level, but over the appropriation of air

###### appropriation

​	`[ Using.] ( *law 律*) ( **formal** ) the act of taking sth which belongs to sb else, especially without permission 擅自调用；盗用；挪用；占用；侵吞`

> Perhaps struggle unfolds(打开) first, not at an economic or social level, but over the appropriation(占有) of air

###### curb

​	`~ (on sth)something that controls and puts limits on sth 起控制（或限制）作用的事物`

> As for politicians, despite proposing curbs on environmental pollution, they have not yet called for it to be made a crime

###### spiritual

> The plant world shows us in silence what faithfulness to life consists of. It also helps us to a new beginning, urging us to care for our breath, not only at a vital but also at a spiritual(精神的) level

###### ethical

> This task is simultaneously ethical(伦理的) and political because it can be discharged only when each takes it upon herself or himself and only when it is accomplished together with others

​	英 [ˈeθɪkl]   美 [ˈeθɪkl] 

###### discharge

​	`[动词 + 名词短语](formal) to do everything that is necessary to perform and complete a particular duty 尽（职）；完成；履行`

> This task is simultaneously ethical(伦理的) and political because it can be discharged(履行) only when each takes it upon herself or himself and only when it is accomplished together with others

###### diminish

​	`to become or to make sth become smaller, weaker, etc. 减少；（使）减弱，缩减；降低`

> The lesson taught by plants is that sharing life expands and enhances the sphere(范围) of the living, while dividing life into so-called natural or human resources diminishes(减少) it.

​	**reduce**

###### stretch

> If you believe, as many do, that unemployment is the major economic and social concern of our day, then it is no stretch(拉伸) to think(不夸张) Yellen is the most powerful person in the world right now

###### recession

> Throughout the 2008 financial crisis and the recession(衰退) and recovery that followed

###### derailing

> Now it will be her job to get the Fed and the markets out of the biggest and most unconventional monetary program in history without derailing(出轨) the fragile recovery.

###### fragile

> Now it will be her job to get the Fed and the markets out of the biggest and most unconventional monetary program in history without derailing the fragile(脆弱的) recovery.

###### slack

> Unlike many past Fed leaders, Yellen is not one to buy into the finance industry‘ s argument that it should be left alone to regulate itself. She knows all along the Fed has been too slack(松弛的) on regulation of finance



