## 1.19	Tuesday

###### employ

​	`[ *VN*] ( **formal** ) to use sth such as a skill, method, etc. for a particular purpose 应用；运用；使用`

> They employ(使用) all the tricks(技巧) of the success books

###### trick

​	`[ usually sing.] a way of doing sth that works well; a good method 技巧；诀窍；窍门`

>They employ(使用) all the tricks(技巧) of the success books

###### chew

>Messrs Raynor and Ahmed are happier chewing(咀嚼) the numbers： they provide detailed appendices on “calculating the elements of advantage” and “detailed analysis”

​	**brew**

###### stereotype

> What does the author imply about books on success so far?
>
> ​	They more or less fall into the same stereotype(陈词滥调，老一套)

​	英 [ˈsteriətaɪp]   美 [ˈsteriətaɪp] 

###### whereby

>Most success studies suffer from two faults. There is “the halo ( 光 环 ） effect”, whereby(凭此，凭借前面阐述的条件) good performance leads commentators to attribute all manner of virtues to anything and everything the company does. These virtues then suddenly become vices when the company fails
>
>They voted to accept a deal whereby the union will receive nearly three-quarters of a million pounds from the International Miners Organisation.  
>	他们表决同意了一项协议，根据这一协议工会将从国际矿工组织得到近75万英镑。

###### vice

>Most success studies suffer from two faults. There is “the halo ( 光 环 ） effect”, whereby(凭此，凭借前面阐述的条件) good performance leads commentators to attribute all manner of virtues to anything and everything the company does. These virtues then suddenly become vices(缺点) when the company fails

###### cosy

> Until recently, the University of Kent prided itself on its friendly image. Not any more. Over the past few months it has been working hard, with the help of media consultants, to play down its cosy(舒适的) reputation in favour of something more academic and serious.

​	英 [ˈkəʊzi]   美 [ˈkoʊzi] 

###### turn out

>One university told prospective engineering students they would be able to design a car and race it at Brands Hatch, which never happened, he says. Others have promised use of sophisticated equipment that turned out(结果是) to be broken or unavailable.

###### 1

​	`expected to happen soon 即将发生的；行将来临的`

> Ongoing research tracking prospective(即将入学的) 2012 students suggests that they are not only becoming more sophisticated in thinking about what they want from a university, but are also spending more time researching evidence to back up institutional claims.

###### refrain

​	`[ *V*] ~ (from sth/from doing sth)( **formal** ) to stop yourself from doing sth, especially sth that you want to do 克制；节制；避免`

> What does Rob Behrens suggest universities do in marketing themselves?
>
> ​	Refrain from making promises they cannot honour
>
> Please refrain from smoking. 请勿吸烟。

###### headline

> It is easy to miss amid the day-to-day headlines(头条新闻) of global economic recession, but there is a less conspicuous(显著的) kind of social upheaval (剧变) underway(正在进行的) that is fast altering both the face of the planet and the way human beings live

###### loose

​	`~ sth (on/upon sb/sth)to release sth or let it happen or be expressed in an uncontrolled way释放；放任；不受约束地表达`

> When Harvard student Mark Zuckerberg launched thefacebook. com in Feb. 2004, even he could not imagine the forces it would let loose(释放)

###### 2

> Silicon Valley(硅谷) executives are being shamed into adding women to their boards

###### recruit

> Social media is used by extremists in the Middle East and elsewhere to seek and brainwash(洗脑) recruits(新成员)

###### informer

> Governments don’t need informers(告密者) any more

###### philosophy

> If you asked me to describe the rising philosophy(哲学) of the day, I'd say it is data-ism(数据主义的)

​	英 [fəˈlɒsəfi]   美 [fəˈlɑːsəfi] 

###### grip

​	`~ (on sth)an understanding of sth 理解；了解`

> Over the next years, I'm hoping to get a better grip(理解) on some of the questions raised by the datarevolution

###### intuitive

> In what situations should we rely on intuitive(直觉的) pattern recognition and in which situations should we ignore intuition and follow the data?

​	英 [ɪnˈtjuːɪtɪv]   美 [ɪnˈtuːɪtɪv] 

###### get carried away

> I confess I enter this in a skeptical frame of mind, believing that we tend to get carried away(忘乎所以) in our desire to reduce everything to the quantifiable. But at the outset let me celebrate two things data does really well.
>
> ​	以为任何事情都是可以通过数据来预测的

###### tailor

​	`~ sth to/for sb/sthto make or adapt sth for a particular purpose, a particular person, etc. 专门制作；订做`

> Teachers imagine they will improve outcomes if they **tailor(定制) their presentations(因材施教)** to each student. But there's no evidence to support this either

###### reveal



