## 1.21	Thursday

###### superficial

​	`appearing to be true, real or important until you look at it more carefully 表面的；外面的；外表的`

> “Deep reading”- -as opposed to the often superficial(表面的，肤浅的) reading we do on the Web- -is an endangered practice
>
> When you first meet her, she gives a superficial impression of warmth and friendliness. 初次见面时，她总给人以热情亲切的表面印象。 

###### disappearance

> Its disappearance(消失) would jeopardize the intellectual and emotional development of generations growing up online, as well as the preservation of a critical part of our culture the novels, poems and other kinds of literature that can be appreciated only by readers whose brains, quite lterally, have been trained to understand them.

###### jeopardize

> Its disappearance(消失) would jeopardize(危害) the intellectual and emotional development of generations growing up online, as well as the preservation of a critical part of our culture the novels, poems and other kinds of literature that can be appreciated only by readers whose brains, quite lterally, have been trained to understand them.

​	英 [ˈdʒepədaɪz]   美 [ˈdʒepərdaɪz] 

###### critical 

​	`extremely important because a future situation will be affected by it 极重要的；关键的；至关紧要的`

> Its disappearance(消失) would jeopardize the intellectual and emotional development of generations growing up online, as well as the preservation of a critical(重要的) part of our culture the novels, poems and other kinds of literature that can be appreciated only by readers whose brains, quite lterally, have been trained to understand them.

###### 1

> Although deep reading does not, strictly speaking, require a conventional book, the **built-in limits** of the printed page are uniquely helpful to the deep reading experience.

###### call

> Although we call the activity by the same name, the deep reading of books and the information-driven reading we do on the Web are very different

###### confidential

​	`meant to be kept secret and not told to or shared with other people 机密的；保密的；秘密的`

> A new Web application for this purpose, called my IDP, has become available this week. It’s designed to guide early-career scientists through a confidential(机密的), rigorous process of introspection (内省）to create a customized career plan.

###### panel

​	` a group of specialists who give their advice or opinion about sth; a group of people who discuss topics of interest on television or radio 专家咨询组；（广播、电视上的）讨论小组`

> Guided by expert knowledge from a panel(一组) of science- focused career advisers, each trainee’s self-assessment is used to rank a set of career trajectories (轨迹).

###### 2

> Countries with the highest scores tend to be clustered in the West, where gender discrimination is against the law

###### more often than not

> Failure more often than not breeds success
>
> ​	失败往往孕育着成功

###### discern

​	`to know, recognize or understand sth, especially sth that is not obvious 觉察出；识别；了解`

> In the real world, problems rarely come neatly packaged, so being able to discern their deep structure is key

​	英 [dɪˈsɜːn]   美 [dɪˈsɜːrn] 

###### sue

​	`~ (sb) (for sth)to make a claim against sb in court about sth that they have said or done to harm you 控告；提起诉讼`

> Vernon Bowman, a 75-year-old farmer from rural Indiana, did something that got him sued(控告)

​	**sue	民事诉讼**

​	**charge	刑事诉讼**

​	**accuse**

​	`'Accuse' is what the court action or charge says was done by the offending person. Accusation is used in both civil and criminal proceedings.`

​	**appeal	上诉**

###### patent

> They are also hoping the court’s ruling will rein in patent(专利) law, which is increasingly being used to claim new life forms as private property.

​	英 [ˈpætnt , ˈpeɪtnt]   美 [ˈpætnt , ˈpeɪtnt] 

###### ruling

> They are also hoping the court’s ruling(裁决) will rein in patent law, which is increasingly being used to claim new life forms as private property.

###### rein

>They are also hoping the court’s ruling(裁决) will rein(控制，用缰绳勒马) in patent law, which is increasingly being used to claim new life forms as private property.

