## 1.22	Friday

###### deficit

​	`the amount by which money spent or owed is greater than money earned in a particular period of time 赤字；逆差；亏损`

> The dry statistics ought to inform the ongoing deficit(财政赤字) debate, because a budget is not just a catalog of programs and taxes. It reflects a society’s priorities and values

​	英 [ˈdefɪsɪt]   美 [ˈdefɪsɪt] 

###### 1

> Down that path lies economic decline
>
> ​	这条道路将导致经济衰退

###### shrink

​	`to become or to make sth smaller in size or amount （使）缩小，收缩，减少`

> They have stagnant（萧条的） or shrinking(缩小的) markets for goods and services

###### discount

> To stabilize its population — discounting immigration(不包括移民) — women must have an average of two children

###### fertility

​	`(of animals and plants) the quality of being able to produce young or fruit`

> That’s a fertility rate(生育率) of 2.0. Many countries with struggling economies are well below that

​	英 [fəˈtɪləti]   美 [fərˈtɪləti] 

###### erode

​	`to gradually destroy sth or make it weaker over a period of time; to be destroyed or made weaker in this way 逐渐毁坏；削弱；损害`

>Eroding religious belief in Europe may partly explain lowered birthrates
>
>Her confidence has been slowly eroded by repeated failures.
>	她的自信心因屡屡失败慢慢消磨掉了。

###### rebel

​	`[ *V*]  ~ (against sb/sth)to fight against or refuse to obey an authority, for example a government, a system, your parents, etc. 造反；反抗；背叛`

> In Japan young women may be rebelling(反抗) **against their mothers’ isolated lives of child rearing**
>
> He rebeled against the government 

###### count

​	`[V-I ](javascript:;)If something or someone **counts** **for** something or **counts**, they are important or valuable. 有价值; 有重要意义`

> General optimism and pessimism count
>
> ​	普遍的乐观与悲观也很重要

###### boom

> Hopefulness fueled America’s baby boom
>
> ​	希望催生了美国的婴儿潮

###### collapse

​	`[V-I ]If something, for example a system or institution, **collapses**, it fails or comes to an end completely and suddenly. (系统或制度等) 崩溃; 瓦解`

> After the Soviet Union’s collapse(突然倒塌,n), says Cherlin, “anxiety for the future” depressed birthrates in Russia and Eastern Europe

​	英 [kəˈlæps]   美 [kəˈlæps] 

###### 2

> By some studies, the safety nets for retirees have reduced fertility rates by 0.5 children in the United States and almost 1.0 in Western Europe

###### 3

> That seems like common sense, despite the multiple influences on becoming parents.

###### expenditure

​	`Expenditure is the spending of money on something, or the money that is spent on something.`

> Average family expenditure(支出) is increasing

​	英 [ɪkˈspendɪtʃə(r)]   美 [ɪkˈspendɪtʃər] 

###### province

​	`If you say that a subject or activity is a particular person's **province**, you mean that this person has a special interest in it, a special knowledge of it, or a special responsibility for it. (学识或活动的) 领域; (兴趣或职责的) 范围`

> Space exploration has always been the province(领域) of dreamers
>
> Tattooing is not just the province of sailors. 
>  	纹身不只是水手们才感兴趣的事。

###### vision

​	`[N-COUNT ](javascript:;)Your **vision** **of** a future situation or society is what you imagine or hope it would be like, if things were very different from the way they are now. 憧憬`

> By the end of the decade, both visions had yielded concrete results and transformed American society

###### at odds with

> And yet in many ways the two dreams ended up at odds with(与...争执) each other
>
> He was at odds with the boss. 
>
> ​	他与老板不合。

###### plot

​	`[V-T ](javascript:;)When people **plot** a strategy or a course of action, they carefully plan each step of it. 制订`

> On the flip side, companies like Virgin Galactic are plotting(密谋，筹划) a bottom-up assault on the space dream by making it a reality to the public
>
> Yesterday's meeting was intended to plot a survival strategy for the party. 
>  	昨天的会议旨在制订该党的生存策略。

​	`[V-T ](javascript:;)If people **plot** **to** do something or **plot** something that is illegal or wrong, they plan secretly to do it. 密谋`

>The military were plotting a coup. 
> 该军方当时正在密谋政变。

###### transcend

​	`[V-T ](javascript:;)Something that **transcends** normal limits or boundaries goes beyond them, because it is more significant than them. 超越`

> Today we face seeming challenges in energy, the environment, health care. Tomorrow we will transcend these as well, and the dreamers will deserve a lot of the credit. The more evidence we collect that our species is capable of greatness, the more we will actually achieve it

​	英 [trænˈsend]   美 [trænˈsend] 

###### credit

​	`[N-UNCOUNT ](javascript:;)If you get **the** **credit** **for** something good, people praise you because you are responsible for it, or are thought to be responsible for it. 赞扬`

> Today we face seeming challenges in energy, the environment, health care. Tomorrow we will transcend these as well, and the dreamers will deserve a lot of the credit(赞扬). The more evidence we collect that our species is capable of greatness, the more we will actually achieve it

###### lingering

​	`slow to end or disappear 拖延的；缠绵的；缓慢消失的；迟迟不去的`

> What went wrong? Is the lingering(挥之不去的) shadow of the global financial crisis making it harder to accept extravagant indulgences?
>
> a painful and lingering death
> 	痛苦而拖延时日的死亡

​	英 [ˈlɪŋgərɪŋ]   美 [ˈlɪŋɡərɪŋ] 

###### extravagant

​	`Someone who is **extravagant** spends more money than they can afford or uses more of something than is reasonable. 奢侈的; 浪费的`

> What went wrong? Is the lingering(挥之不去的) shadow of the global financial crisis making it harder to accept extravagant(奢侈的) indulgences?

​	英 [ɪkˈstrævəɡənt]   美 [ɪkˈstrævəɡənt] 

###### indulgence

​	`[ U] ( usually **disapproving**) the state or act of having or doing whatever you want; the state of allowing sb to have or do whatever they want 沉溺；放纵；纵容`

>What went wrong? Is the lingering(挥之不去的) shadow of the global financial crisis making it harder to accept extravagant(奢侈的) indulgences?

​	英 [ɪnˈdʌldʒəns]   美 [ɪnˈdʌldʒəns] 

###### plausible

​	`( of an excuse or explanation 借口或解释 ) reasonable and likely to be true 有道理的；可信的`

> Both arguments are plausible(看似可信的)

​	英 [ˈplɔːzəbl]   美 [ˈplɔːzəbl] 

###### team up

> When my most recent book Brandwashed was released, I teamed up(合作) with a local bookstore to conduct an experiment about the differences between the online and offline shopping experience

###### compelling

​	`that makes you pay attention to it because it is so interesting and exciting 引人入胜的；扣人心弦的`

> And, while many interests are at work, one of the players that benefits the most from this story are the media: the notion of “extreme” climate simply makes for more compelling(引人注目的) news.

​	英 [kəmˈpelɪŋ]   美 [kəmˈpelɪŋ] 

###### wheat

> And, fortunately, this year’s drought appears unlikely to cause a food crisis, as global rice and wheat(小麦) supplies remain plentiful.

###### in the wake of

>随着...而来
>
>Remember how, in the wake of Hurricane Katrina(随着这个飓风而来) in 2005, A1 Gore claimed that we were in store(准备好了) for ever more destructive hurricanes?

###### in store

> Remember how, in the wake of Hurricane Katrina in 2005, A1 Gore claimed that we were in store(准备好了) for ever more destructive hurricanes?

