## 1.24	Sunday

###### blow

> Comparing 1929 with 2007-09, Christina Romer, the head of President Obama’s Council of Economic Advisers, finds the initial blow(打击) to confidence far greater now than then

###### shelve

> And businesses shelved(搁置) investment projects

###### disarm

> Private markets for goods, services, labor, and securities do mostly self-correct, but panic feeds on itself and disarms(解除武装) these stabilising tendencies

###### recurrence

> Obama’s “stimulus” plan and bank “stress test” 一 counted most in preventing a recurrence(重新发生)

###### sentiment

​	`N-VAR A **sentiment** that people have is an attitude which is based on their thoughts and feelings. 情绪`

> All this improved confidence. But the consumer sentiment(情绪) index remains weak, and all the rebound(反弹) has occurred in Americans’ evaluation of future economic conditions, not the present
>
> Public sentiment rapidly turned anti-American.
>
> ​	公众的情绪迅速转向反美。

###### dear

> Predictions of the collapse of the tropical rain forests have been around for years. Yet until recently the worst forecasts were almost exclusively linked to direct human activity, such as dear- cutting(昂贵的砍伐) and burning for pastures or farms

###### flourish

​	`V-I If something **flourishes**, it is successful, active, or common, and developing quickly and strongly. 繁荣; 兴旺`

> Left alone, it was assumed, the world’s rain forests would not only flourish(繁荣发展) but might even rescue us from disaster

###### liability

​	`N-COUNT If you say that someone or something is **a** **liability**, you mean that they cause a lot of problems or embarrassment. 累赘`

> Some scientists believe that the rise in carbon levels means that the Amazon and other rain forests in Asia and Africa may go from being assets in the battle against rising temperatures to liabilities(累赘)

​	`N-COUNT A company's or organization's **liabilities** are the sums of money which it owes. 负债 [商业]`

> The company had assets of $138 million and liabilities of $120.5 million.

###### reckless

​	`ADJ If you say that someone is **reckless**, you mean that they act in a way which shows that they do not care about danger or the effect their behaviour will have on other people. 鲁莽的; 不顾后果的`

> Extreme weather and reckless(鲁莽的，不顾后果的) development are plotting against the rain forest in ways that scientists have never seen.

###### in a sense

>In a sense, both were right. 
>
>​	在某种意义上，两者都对。

###### sake

​	`PHRASE If you do something **for the sake of** something, you do it for that purpose or in order to achieve that result. You can also say that you do it **for** something's **sake**. 为了…的目的`

> the Chinese need to consume more; they need—believe it or not—to become more like Americans, for the sake of(为了..的目的) the global economy.
>
> They stayed together for the sake of the children. 
>
> ​	为了孩子，他们还待在一起。
>
> From the sake of me	看在我的份上

​	英 [seɪk]   美 [seɪk]  

###### lecture

> And though Hu Jintao and the rest of the Chinese leadership aren’t inclined to lecture(说教) visiting Presidents, he might gently hint that Beijing is getting a little nervous about the value of the dollar—which has fallen 15% since March, in large part because of increasing fears that America’s debt load is becoming unmanageable 

###### creditor

> That’s what happens when you’re the world’s biggest creditor(债权人): you get to drop hints like that, which would be enough by themselves to create international economic chaos if they were ever leaked

###### chaos

​	`N-UNCOUNT **Chaos** is a state of complete disorder and confusion. 混乱`

> That’s what happens when you’re the world’s biggest creditor(债权人): you get to drop hints like that, which would be enough by themselves to create international economic chaos(混乱) if they were ever leaked

​	英 [ˈkeɪɒs]   美 [ˈkeɪɑs] 