## 1.25	Monday

###### subsidy

​	`money that is paid by a government or an organization to reduce the costs of services or of producing goods so that their prices can be kept low 补贴；补助金；津贴`

> The official poverty measure obscures(遮盖) this by counting only pre-tax cash income and ignoring other sources of support, including food stamps and housing subsidies(补贴)

​	英 [ˈsʌbsədi]   美 [ˈsʌbsədi] 

###### compound

​	`[ often passive] to make sth bad become even worse by causing further damage or problems使加重；使恶化`

> The new poverty number would compound public confusion
>
> The problems were compounded by severe food shortages. 严重的食物短缺使问题进一步恶化。

###### tailor

​	`量身定制`

> It also raises questions about whether the statistic is tailored to favor a political agenda.

###### senator

> As senator(参议员) Daniel Moynihan said, the administration is defining poverty up

​	英 [ˈsenətə(r)]   美 [ˈsenətər] 

###### legitimate

> It's legitimate(合理的，合法的) to debate how much we should aid the poor or reduce economic inequality

​	英 [lɪˈdʒɪtɪmət]   美 [lɪˈdʒɪtɪmət] 

###### sway

​	`[ *VN*] [ often passive] to persuade sb to believe sth or do sth 说服；使相信；使动摇`

> But the debate should not be swayed(影响) by misleading statistics that few Americans could possibly understand
>
> He's easily swayed. 他很容易动摇。

​	英 [sweɪ]   美 [sweɪ] 

###### strive

​	`~ (for/against sth) ( **formal** ) to try very hard to achieve sth 努力；奋斗；力争；力求`

> Government statistics should strive(努力) for political neutrality（中立）.This one fails. 
>
>  We encourage all members to strive for the highest standards. 我们鼓励所有成员为达到最高标准而努力。

​	英 [straɪv]   美 [straɪv] 

###### 1

> Along with(和...一道) lectures on finance and entrepreneurship and the like, the program included a delightfully(愉快地) out-of-place session with Al Filreis, an English professor at the University of Pennsylvania, on poetry

###### contrast

> For three hours he talked us through "The Red Wheelbarrow" and "Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening." The experience----especially when contrasted(对比) with the horrible prose of our other assigned reading--sent me fleeing to the campus bookstore, where I resumed a long-interrupted romance with meter and rhyme
>
> The poem contrasts youth and age. 这首诗对比了青春与老年
>
> It is interesting to contrast the British legal system with the American one. 把英国的法制与美国的加以对比很有意思。

​	**contract**

###### prose

>For three hours he talked us through "The Red Wheelbarrow" and "Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening." The experience----especially when contrasted(对比) with the horrible prose(散文) of our other assigned reading--sent me fleeing to the campus bookstore, where I resumed a long-interrupted romance with meter and rhyme

​	**essay**

###### flee

​	`~ (from) sb/sth~ (to.../into...) to leave a person or place very quickly, especially because you are afraid of possible danger 迅速离开；（尤指害怕有危险而）逃避，逃跑`

> For three hours he talked us through "The Red Wheelbarrow" and "Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening." The experience----especially when contrasted(对比) with the horrible prose of our other assigned reading--sent me fleeing(逃) to the campus bookstore, where I resumed a long-interrupted romance with meter and rhyme
>
>  He fled to London after an argument with his family. 他与家人争吵以后离家去了伦敦。

###### resume

> For three hours he talked us through "The Red Wheelbarrow" and "Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening." The experience----especially when contrasted(对比) with the horrible prose of our other assigned reading--sent me fleeing(逃) to the campus bookstore, where I resumed(重新开始) a long-interrupted romance with meter and rhyme

###### 2

> We need to recognize that the trickle(滴)-down promise (benefits given to the rich will eventually be passed on to the poor)of conservative theorists has turned into a gravity(重力)-defying(反抗) reality in which wealth has flowed upward disproportionately

###### adversely

​	`negative and unpleasant; not likely to produce a good result 不利的；有害的；反面的`

> What does the author think of the practice of enforcing quotas for women executives?
>
> ​	It adversely(不利地) affects a firm's performance

###### 3

> Companies that fish in only half the talent pool will **lose out** to those that cast their net more widely

###### mindful 

> **Mindful of this(考虑到这一点)**, European countries are passing laws that would force companies to promote more women to the executive suite

###### compulsory

​	`that must be done because of a law or a rule （因法律或规则而）必须做的，强制的，强迫的`

> There are two main arguments for compulsory quotas

​	英 [kəmˈpʌlsəri]   美 [kəmˈpʌlsəri] 

###### lest

> Male directors mentor young men but are reluctant to get friendly with young women, lest(恐怕) the relationship be misinterpreted

###### posting

> What is more, big companies are increasingly global. Many want a boss who has worked in more than one country. Such foreign postings(委派) disrupt families; many women **turn them down(拒绝)**

###### anticipate

​	`to expect sth 预料；预期`

> And many, anticipating(预期) a career break at some point in the future, enter fields where their skills will not quickly become outdated, such as law or human resources.

​	英 [ænˈtɪsɪpeɪt]   美 [ænˈtɪsɪpeɪt] 