## 1.26	Tuesday

###### cling

​	`~ (on) to sb/sth~ on/togetherto hold on tightly to sb/sth 抓紧；紧握；紧抱`

> Since the 1980s, America has been increasingly clinging to the ideology of uncontrolled free markets and dismissing the role of government

​	英 [klɪŋ]   美 [klɪŋ] 

###### doctrine

​	`[N-VAR ](javascript:;)A **doctrine** is a set of principles or beliefs, especially religious ones. (尤指宗教的) 信条; 学说`

> If Americans could only free themselves from their antigovernment doctrine(主义), they would begin to see that America's problems are not insoluble.
>
> the Marxist doctrine of perpetual revolution. 
>  …马克思主义不断革命的学说。

​	英 [ˈdɒktrɪn]   美 [ˈdɑːktrɪn] 

###### 1

>Meanwhile, Europe has **fallen prey to(陷入...陷阱)** a different ideological trap: the belief that European governments would always have infinite resources and could continue borrowing as if there were no tomorrow.

###### 2

> Imports, which soared to $200.3 billion in the month, are subtracted in the calculation of gross domestic product
>
> ​	算国内生产总值时要减去进口

###### shuttle

​	`[ *V*] ~ (between A and B)to travel between two places frequently 频繁往来（于甲地和乙地之间）`

> The rising volume of trade – more goods and services shuttling(穿梭) in and out of the United States – is good news for many sectors.
>
> Her childhood was spent shuttling between her mother and father. 她的童年是在父母之间穿梭往来中度过的。

​	英 [ˈʃʌtl]   美 [ˈʃʌtl] 

###### vitality

​	`[ U] energy and enthusiasm 生命力；活力；热情`

> The rising numbers signify growing vitality(活力) in foreign markets
>
>  She is bursting with vitality and new ideas. 她朝气蓬勃，满脑子新主意

###### tide

​	`[ Cusually sing.] the direction in which the opinion of a large number of people seems to be moving 潮流；趋势；动向`

> The rising tide(趋势) of trade is also good news for people who work in trade-sensitive businesses
>
> It takes courage to speak out against the tide of opinion. 跟舆论趋向唱反调需要勇气。

###### recur

​	`[ *V*] to happen again or a number of times 再发生；反复出现`

> A recurring(循环的) criticism(批评) of the UK's university sector is its perceived weakness in translating new knowledge into new products and services.
>
> This theme recurs several times throughout the book. 这一主题在整部书里出现了好几次。

###### 3

> The most recent comparative(比较性的) data on the performance of universities and research institutions in Australia, Canada, USA and UK shows that, from a relatively weak starting position, the UK now leads on many indicators of commercialisation activity

###### uneven

> This type of uneven(不平均的) distribution is not peculiar to the UK and is mirrored across other economies

​	英 [ʌnˈiːvn]   美 [ʌnˈiːvn] 

###### maximise

> The core objective for universities which are research-led must be to maximise(把...最大化) the impact of their research efforts

​	英 ['mæksɪmaɪz]   美 ['mæksəmaɪz] 

###### consensus

​	`~ (among sb)~ (about sth)~ (that...) an opinion that all members of a group agree with 一致的意见；共识`

> Yet the consensus(共识) among most economists is that immigration, both legal and illegal, provides a small net boost to the economy.
>
> There is a general consensus among teachers about the need for greater security in schools.教师们对必须加强学校的保安有普遍的共识。

​	英 [kənˈsensəs]   美 [kənˈsensəs] 

###### discrepancy

​	`~ (in sth)~ (between A and B) a difference between two or more things that should be the same差异；不符合；不一致`

> So why is there such a discrepancy(不一致) between the perception of immigrants' impact on the economy and the reality?
>
> What are the reasons for the discrepancy between girls' and boys' performance in school? 女生和男生在学校表现不同的原因何在呢？

​	英 [dɪsˈkrepənsi]   美 [dɪsˈkrepənsi] 

###### granted

> Granted(诚然), these producers' savings probably translate into lower prices at the grocery store, but how many consumers make that mental connection at the checkout counter?

###### grocery

> Granted(诚然), these producers' savings probably translate into lower prices at the grocery(食品杂货店) store, but how many consumers make that mental connection at the checkout counter?

​	英 [ˈɡrəʊsəri]   美 [ˈɡroʊsəri] 

###### irony

​	`[ UC] the amusing or strange aspect of a situation that is very different from what you expect; a situation like this （出乎意料的）奇异可笑之处；有讽刺意味的情况`

> The irony(具有讽刺意义的是) is that for all the overexcited debate, the net effect of immigration is minimal
>
> **The irony is that** when he finally got the job, he discovered he didn't like it. 讽刺的是，当他最终得到那份工作时，他发现自己并不喜欢它。

​	英 [ˈaɪrəni]   美 [ˈaɪrəni] 

###### acutely

> Even for those most acutely(剧烈地) affected – say, low-skilled workers, or California residents – the impact isn't all that dramatic
>
> I am acutely aware of the difficulties we face. 
>
> ​	我十分清楚我们面临的困难

​	英 [əˈkju:tli]   美 [əˈkjuːtli] 

###### picture

> Picture(想象) a typical MBA lecture theatre twenty years ago

###### conform

​	`~ (to sth)to behave and think in the same way as most other people in a group or society 顺从，顺应（大多数人或社会）；随潮流`

> In it the majority of students will have conformed to the standard model of the time: male, middle class and Western
>
> He refused to conform to the local customs. 他拒绝遵从当地的风俗习惯。 

###### ethnic

> You will also see a wide range of ethnic(种族的) groups and nationals(国民) of practically every country.
>
> ethnic strife/tensions/violence (= between people from different races or peoples)
> 	种族冲突 / 紧张形势 / 暴力

​	英 [ˈeθnɪk]   美 [ˈeθnɪk] 

​	**ethical	伦理的**

###### bully

​	`a person who uses their strength or power to frighten or hurt weaker people 仗势欺人者；横行霸道者`

> A study by Manna, a leadership development company, suggests that, while the **bully-boy** chief executive of old may not have been eradicated completely, there is a definite shift in emphasis towards less tough styles of management – at least in America and Europe

​	英 [ˈbʊli]   美 [ˈbʊli] 

