## 1.27	Wednesday

###### rock

> Two world wars and a Great Depression rocked(动摇) the confidence of many people that scientific expertise alone could create a prosperous and ordered world

###### prosperous

> Two world wars and a Great Depression rocked(动摇) the confidence of many people that scientific expertise alone could create a prosperous(繁荣的) and ordered world

​	**prosperity**

###### humanistic

> After World War Ⅱ, the academic world turned with new enthusiasm to humanistic(人文主义的) studies, which seemed to many scholars the best way to ensure the survival of democracy

###### 1

> American scholars fanned out(分散) across much of the world—with support from the Ford Foundation, the Fulbright program, etc.—to promote the teaching of literature and the arts in an effort to make the case for democratic freedoms.

###### rival

> After all, more than 200 years separated Einstein from his nearest rival(竞争对手), Isaac Newton.

###### 2

> For one thing, physics is a much different field today. In Einstein’s day, there were only a few thousand physicists worldwide, and the theoreticians who could intellectually rival Einstein probably would fit into a streetcar with seats to spare.

###### philosophy

> Education is different, too. One crucial aspect of Einstein’s training that is overlooked is the years of philosophy(哲学) he read as a teenager—Kant, Schopenhauer and Spinoza, among others.

​	英 [fəˈlɒsəfi]   美 [fəˈlɑːsəfi] 

###### accomplished

​	`very good at a particular thing; having a lot of skills 才华高的；技艺高超的；熟练的`

> And he was an accomplished musician

###### knotty

> Einstein would furiously play his violin as a way to think through a knotty(棘手) physics problem.

​	英 [ˈnɒti]   美 [ˈnɑti] 

###### fabric 

​	`[单数] the ~ (of sth) (formal) the basic structure of a society, an organization, etc. that enables it to function successfully （社会、机构等的）结构`

> “The actual fabric(结构) of space and time curving? My God, what an idea!” Greene said at a recent gathering at the Aspen Institute. “It takes a certain type of person who will bang his head against the wall because you believe you’ll find the solution.”

​	英 [ˈfæbrɪk]   美 [ˈfæbrɪk] 

###### prestigious

​	`[ usually before noun] respected and admired as very important or of very high quality 有威望的；声誉高的`

> These “thought experiments” were pages of calculations signed and submitted to the prestigious journal Annalen der Physik by a virtual unknown.
>
> - a prestigious award 赫赫有名的奖项
> - a prestigious university 名牌大学

​	英 [preˈstɪdʒəs]   美 [preˈstɪdʒəs] 

###### supposedly

> Industrial pollution in our town had supposedly(据推测) turned students into living science experiments breathing in a laboratory’s worth of heavy metals like manganese, chromium and nickel each day

###### cafeteria

> This in a city that requires school cafeterias(食堂) to serve organic meals. Great, I thought, organic lunch, toxic campus.

​	英 [ˌkæfəˈtɪəriə]   美 [ˌkæfəˈtɪriə] 

###### 3

> Since December, when the report came out, the mayor(市长), neighborhood activists（活跃分子）and various parent-teacher associations have engaged in a fierce battle over its validity: over the guilt of the steel-casting factory on the western edge of town, over union jobs versus children’s health and over what, if anything, ought to be done

###### drop off

> Is there truly a threat here, we asked one another as we dropped off(送下车) our kids, and if so, how great is it?

###### 4

> And how does it compare with the other, seemingly perpetual health scares we confront, like panic over lead in synthetic athletic fields?

###### 5

> Rather than just another weird episode in the town that brought you protesting environmentalists

###### drown

​	`to die because you have been underwater too long and you cannot breathe; to kill sb in this way （使）淹死，溺死`

> A 2004 report in the journal Pediatrics explained that nervous parents have more to fear from fire, car accidents and drowning(溺水) than from toxic chemical exposure

​	英 [draʊn]   美 [draʊn] 

###### 6

> That’s why I’ve rid my cupboard of microwave food packed in bags coated with a potential cancer-causing substance

###### 7

> Crippling health care bills, long emergency-room waits and the inability to find a primary care physician just scratch the surface of the problems that patients face daily.

###### reconcile

​	`~ sth (with sth)to find an acceptable way of dealing with two or more ideas, needs, etc. that seem to be opposed to each other 使和谐一致；调和；使配合`

> reconciling(使一致) the marked difference between specialist and primary care physician salaries.