## 1.29	Friday

Gains Today

> The difference between cheat and deceive
>
> The difference between nation country and state
>
> The difference between agreement and contract
>
> The difference between issue problem and question
>
> The difference between motive and motivation

###### put up with

> It’s no secret that there’s a lot to put up with(忍受) when waiting tables, and fortunately, much of it can be easily forgotten when you pocket the tips

###### leftish

> Sure, some leftish(左派的) billionaires like George Soros have been railing against income inequality for years

###### rail

​	`[ also *V speech*] ~ (at/against sth/sb)( **formal** ) to complain about sth/sb in a very angry way 怒斥；责骂；抱怨`

>Sure, some leftish billionaires like George Soros have been railing against income inequality for years
>
>She railed against the injustice of it all. 她大骂此事太不公正。

###### column

> In December, Mortimer Zuckerman wrote a column(专栏) in U.S. News & World Report, which he owns

###### bargain

​	`~ (with sb)an agreement between two or more people or groups, to do sth for each other 协议；交易`

> “our nation’s core bargain(协议) with the middle class is disintegrating

###### bankruptcy

> Tens of millions of Americans live in fear that a major health problem can reduce them to bankruptcy(破产)

​	英 [ˈbæŋkrʌptsi]   美 [ˈbæŋkrʌptsi] 

###### outrage

​	`[ U] a strong feeling of shock and anger 愤怒；义愤；愤慨`

> “It’s an outrage(愤慨) that any American’s life expectancy should be shortened simply because the company they worked for went bankrupt and ended health-care coverage
>
> The judge's remarks caused public outrage. 裁判的话引起了公愤。 

​	英 [ˈaʊtreɪdʒ]   美 [ˈaʊtreɪdʒ] 

###### trendy

> What’s happening? The very rich are just as trendy(时髦) as you and I, and can be so when it comes to politics and policy

###### wind blows

> these guys don’t need their own personal weathermen to know which way the wind blows(风向)

###### solidarity

> It’s possible that plutocrats (有钱有势的人) are expressing solidarity(团结) with the struggling middle class as part of an effort to insulate themselves from confiscatory (没收性的) tax policies

​	英 [ˌsɒlɪˈdærəti]   美 [ˌsɑːlɪˈdærəti] 

###### 1

> But the prospect that income inequality will lead to higher taxes on the wealthy doesn’t keep plutocrats(富豪，财阀) up at night. They can live with that.

​	英 [ˈplu:təkræt]   美 [ˈpluːtəkræt] 

###### reciprocal

​	`[ADJ ](javascript:;)A **reciprocal** action or agreement involves two people or groups who do the same thing to each other or agree to help each another in a similar way. 相互的; 互惠的`

> And when the United States places obstacles in the way of foreign investors and foreign goods, it’s likely to encourage reciprocal(相互的) action abroad
>
> The two colleges have a reciprocal arrangement whereby students from one college can attend classes at the other. 两所学院有一项互惠协定，允许学生在院际间选课。

​	英 [rɪˈsɪprəkl]   美 [rɪˈsɪprəkl] 

###### refrain

​	`a comment or complaint that is often repeated 经常重复的评价（或抱怨）`

> You hear the refrain all the time: the U.S. economy looks good statistically, but it doesn’t feel good

###### 2

> To Galbraith, materialism had gone mad and would breed discontent

###### condition

​	`[ usually passive] ~ sb/sth (to sth/to do sth)to train sb/sth to behave in a particular way or to become used to a particular situation 训练；使习惯于；使适应`

> Through advertising, companies conditioned(使适应) consumers to buy things they didn’t really want or need
>
> Patients can become conditioned to particular forms of treatment. 病人会习惯某些治疗方式

###### withdraw 

> This ideal presents a woman who withdraws quietly to the background, subordinating(使服从) her life and needs to those of her family and its male head.

###### refined

​	`( of a person 人 ) polite, well educated and able to judge the quality of things; having the sort of manners that are considered typical of a high social class 有礼貌的；优雅的；有教养的`

> The typical refined() Japanese woman excels in modesty and delicacy

###### outcry

> This, of course, attracts considerable attention and has led to an outcry(强烈抗议) in the Japanese media against the defeminization of women’s language

###### 4

> Indeed, we didn’t hear about “men’s language” until people began to **respond to girls’ appropriation of forms normally reserved for boys and men**

###### crystallize

​	`( of thoughts, plans, beliefs, etc. 想法、计划、信仰等 ) to become clear and fixed; to make thoughts, beliefs, etc. clear and fixed 变明确；使（想法、信仰等）明确`

>There is considerable sentiment about the “corruption” of women’s language—which of course is viewed as part of the loss of feminine
>ideals and morality—and this sentiment is crystallized by nationwide opinion polls that are regularly carried out by the media

​	英 [ˈkrɪstəlaɪz]   美 [ˈkrɪstəˌlaɪz] 

###### 5

> One might well imagine little girls using exceedingly polite forms when playing house or imitating older women—**in a fashion analogous(类似的) to little girls’ use** of a high-pitched voice to do “teacher talk” or “mother talk” in role play.

###### 6

> In some instances, it may be a sign that girls are **making the same claim to authority as boys and men**, but that is very different from saying that they are trying to be “masculine.”

###### radiate

> and triggers a response by radiating(辐射，传播) nerve signals throughout the body

​	**radiation**

###### survive

> Hallowell insists, though, that there's a right way to worry. “Never do it alone, get the facts and then make a plan." He says. Most of us have survived a recession, so we're familiar with the belt-tightening strategies needed to survive a slump.

###### scheming

> Amitai Etzioni is not surprised by the latest headings about scheming(诡计多端的) corporate crooks

###### by and large

> "By and large(大体上说), I clearly had not found a way to help classes full of MBAs see that there is more to life than money, power, fame and self-interest."

###### 7

> Those would be executives had, says Etzioni, little interest in concepts of ethics and morality in the boardroom- -and their professor was met with blank stares when he urged his students to see business in new and different ways.

