## 12.01	Tuesday

###### protein

> In spring, chickens start laying again, bringing a welcome source of protein(蛋白质) at winter’s end

​	英 [ˈprəʊtiːn]   美 [ˈproʊtiːn] 

###### honor

> So it’s no surprise that cultures around the world celebrate spring by honoring(尊敬) the egg

###### elevate

> Others elevate(提升) the egg into a fancy art, like the heavily jewel-covered “eggs” that were favored by the Russians starting in the 19th century.

​	**elevator**

###### appeal

> There’s something about their delicate nature that appeals(吸引) to me

###### vulnerability

> But there’s an appeal in that vulnerability(脆弱性).

###### delicate	

> Contemporary artists have followed this tradition to create eggs that speak to the anxieties(焦虑) of our age: Life is precious, and delicate(微妙的). Eggs are, too.

###### sickening

> “There’s part of this sickening(令人厌恶的) horror of knowing you’re walking on the edge with this, that I kind of like, knowing that it could all fall apart at any second.”
>
> ​	鸡蛋随时都可以掉下去

​	**sicken**

​	**sick**

###### delicateness

> Chast’s designs, such as a worried man alone in a tiny rowboat, reflect that delicateness.
>
> ​	查斯特的设计，如一个忧心忡忡的人独自坐在一艘小划艇上，反映了这种微妙之处。 

###### elaborate

> Traditional Ukrainian decorated eggs also spoke to those fears. The elaborate(精心制作的) patterns(图案) were believed to offer protection against evil.

###### prevail

> “There’s an ancient legend that as long as these eggs are made, evil will not prevail(流行，盛行) in the world,”

​	**preview**

###### relatives

> “There’s an ancient legend that as long as these eggs are made, evil will not prevail in the world,” says Joan Brander, a Canadian egg-painter who has been painting eggs for over 60 years, having learned the art from her Ukrainian relatives(亲戚).

###### dating back

> The tradition, dating back(追溯到) to 300 B.C

###### anxiety

> Contemporary artists have followed this tradition to create eggs that speak to the anxieties(焦虑) of our age: Life is precious, and delicate. Eggs are, too.

​	英 [æŋˈzaɪəti]   美 [æŋˈzaɪəti] 

###### corporate

> 公司的，法人的

​	**corporation	大公司**

​	**incorporate	合并**

​	**cooperate**

###### installment

> I shall soon pay the last installment of my debt.  
> 	不久我将偿付我的最后一期债款.

###### conform

> [ Google’s OAuth 2.0 implementation](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/OpenIDConnect) for authentication conforms(遵守) to the [OpenID Connect 1.0](https://openid.net/connect/) specification and is [OpenID Certified](https://openid.net/certification/).

###### result

> Compromise of any third-party application results(导致) in compromise of the end-user's password and all of the data protected by that password.

###### denote

> Instead of using the resource owner's credentials to access protected resources, the client obtains an access token -- a string **denoting(代表)** a specific scope, lifetime, and other access attributes
>
> We often denote danger by red letters.  
> 	我们常常用红字表示危险.



###### therapy

> Not only do we evaluate the cause of the pain, which can help us treat the pain better, but we also help provide comprehensive therapy(治疗) for depression and other psychological and social issues elated to chronic pain.

​	英 [ˈθerəpi]   美 [ˈθɛrəpi] 

###### 	treatment

###### chronic

> Not only do we evaluate the cause of the pain, which can help us treat the pain better, but we also help provide comprehensive therapy(治疗) for depression and other psychological and social issues elated to chronic(慢性的) pain.

​	英 [ˈkrɒnɪk]   美 [ˈkrɑnɪk] 

###### innovative

>This modern aspect for pain management has led to a wealth of innovative(革新的) treatments which are more effective and with fewer side effects than ever before.

​	**innovation	改革.n**

​	**innovate	改革.v**

###### tremendously

> The book Writing Without Teachers introduced me to one distinction and one practice that has helped my writing processes tremendously(极大地)

###### employ

> 雇用

######  astrophysics

> At 19, when I began studying astrophysics(天体物理学), it did not bother me in the least to be the only woman in the classroom

​	英 [ˌæstrəʊˈfɪzɪks]   美 [ˌæstroʊˈfɪzɪks] 

###### lens

> My every achievement—jobs, research papers, awards—was viewed through the lens(透镜，镜头; 眼睛中的水晶体; 隐形眼镜; 汽车的灯玻璃;) of gender (性别) politics.

###### earn

>But while earning(获得) my Ph.D. at MIT and then as a post-doctor doing space research, the issue started to bother me

###### 2007-6-2

> Sometimes, when I was pushed into an argument on left brain versus (相对于) right brain, or nature versus nurture (培育), I would instantly fight fiercely on my behalf and all womankind