## 12.02	Wednesday

###### yearn

> It is the nature of everyone to **yearn for** peace

​	**natural**

###### from my point of view

> 依我之见

###### convey

> The JWT Claims Set represents a JSON object whose members are the claims conveyed(表达; 传送;传输，携带) by the JWT

###### nightmare

> An alien invasion would be a nightmare(噩梦) to humen beings

###### invasion

>An alien invasion(入侵) would be a nightmare(噩梦) to humen beings

######  voluntary

> Many in-home jobs that used to be done primarily by women-ranging from family shopping to preparing meals to doing voluntary(自愿的) work

###### generate

>  the income working women generate(产生) gives them new independence and buying power
>
> he company, New England Electric, burns coal to generate power.  
> 	新英格兰电力公司用煤发电。

###### iceberg

> Reaching new peaks of popularity in North America is Iceberg(冰山) Water, which is harvested from icebergs off the coast of Newfoundland, Canada

###### critic

> Arthur von Wiesenberger, who carries the title Water Master, is one of the few water critics(批评家) in North America

​	英 [ˈkrɪtɪk]   美 [ˈkrɪtɪk] 

​	n.  批评家; 评论员; 批评者; 挑剔的人;

###### tap

>“My dog could tell the difference between bottled and tap water(自来水),” He says.

###### municipal

> But is plain tap water all that bad? Not at all. In fact, New York’s municipal(市的，市政的) water for more than a century was called the champagne of tap water and until recently considered among the best in the world in terms of both taste and purity

​	英 [mju:ˈnɪsɪpl]   美 [mjuˈnɪsəpəl]  

###### champagne

> But is plain tap water all that bad? Not at all. In fact, New York’s municipal(市的，市政的) water for more than a century was called the champagne(香槟) of tap water and until recently considered among the best in the world in terms of both taste and purity

###### nevertheless

> Nevertheless(然而), soft-drink companies view bottled water as the next battle-ground for market share—this despite the fact that over 25 percent of bottled water comes from tap water

###### despite

> Nevertheless(然而), soft-drink companies view bottled water as the next battle-ground for market share—this despite(虽然) the fact that over 25 percent of bottled water comes from tap water

###### whereas

>  A restaurant’s typical mark-up(抬价，比成本多多少) on wine is 100 to 150 percent, whereas(然而) on bottled water it’s often 300 to 500 percent

###### pour

>According to an article in The Street Journal, some of the more shameless tactics include placing attractive bottles on the table for a visual sell, listing brands on the menu without prices, and pouring(倒) bottled water without even asking the diners if they want it.

​	英 [pɔ:(r)]   美 [pɔr, por] 

​	vt.  涌出; 倾，倒;

​	vi.  涌流; 泛滥，涌出; 斟，倒;
​	n.  倾泻;
​	变形 过去分词: poured 过去式: poured 现在分词: pouring 第三人称单数: pours

###### episode

> 插曲，片段

###### scold

> My boss saw through my lie and scolded(指责) me for faking sickness

###### see eye to eye

> We don't see eye to eye most of the time(多数情况下)
>
> ​	我们多数情况下都观点不一致

###### elementary

> When I was elementary student(小学生)

###### from time to time

> From time to time(偶尔), James remained at home with his family.  
> 	詹姆斯偶尔留在家里陪家人。	

​	不时，偶尔，间或; 时而;

> what are the fears language learners tend to have the most



###### manufacture

> They manufacture(生产) the class of plastics known as thermoplastic materials.  
> 	他们生产这类被称为热塑材料的塑料制品