## 12.17.1	Thursday

> Fight for future! Regardless what people do,just concentrate on yourself!



###### 1

>Just five one-hundredths of an inch thick, light golden in color and with a perfect “saddle curl,” the Lay’s potato chip seems an unlikely weapon for global domination

###### domination

> Just five one-hundredths of an inch thick, light golden in color and with a perfect “saddle curl,” the Lay’s potato chip seems an unlikely weapon for global domination(统治)

​	**dominate**

###### inch

>Just five one-hundredths of an inch(英寸) thick, light golden in color and with a perfect “saddle curl,” the Lay’s potato chip seems an unlikely weapon for global domination(统治)

​	**foot	英尺**

###### thick

> Just five one-hundredths of an inch(英寸) thick(厚), light golden in color and with a perfect “saddle curl,” the Lay’s potato chip seems an unlikely weapon for global domination(统治)

###### five one-hundredths

> 五百分之一

​	**three fifths	五分之三**

###### 2

>And accounts for over half of the parent company’s $3 billion annual profits
>
>​	占母公司年利润30亿美元一半以上

###### saturated

>But the U.S. snack food market is largely saturated(饱和), and to grow, the company has to look overseas.

###### rest on

>Its strategy rests on two beliefs: first a global product offers economies of scale with which local brands cannot compete. And second, consumers in the 21st century are drawn to “global” as a concept.

###### 3

> Its strategy rests on two beliefs: first a global product offers economies of scale with which local brands cannot compete. And second, consumers in the 21st century are drawn to “global” as a concept.

###### crucial

>With brand perception a crucial(关键性的) factor, Riskey ordered a redesign of the Frito-Lay logo ( 标 识 )

###### facilitate

>The logo, along with the company’s long-held marketing image of the “irresistibility” of its chips, would help facilitate(促进) the company’s global expansion

###### swing

>The executives acknowledge that they try to swing(动摇) national eating habits to a food created in America, but they deny that amounts to economic imperialism

###### amount

>The executives acknowledge that they try to swing national eating habits to a food created in America, but they deny that amounts(等同于) to economic imperialism



###### pitch

>In communities north of Denver, residents are **pitching in(做出贡献)** to help teachers and administrators as the Vrain school District tries to solve a $13.8 million budget shortage blamed on mismanagement

​	英 [pɪtʃ]   美 [pɪtʃ] 

​	n.  场地; 最高点; 音高; 说教;

​	vt.  用沥青涂; 扔，投; 树起，搭起; 定位于;
​	vi.  抛，扔; [棒球]当投手; 搭帐篷; 向前跌或冲;
​	变形 过去分词: pitched 复数: pitches 过去式: pitched 现在分词: pitching 第三人称单数: pitches

###### ease

>“We’re worried about our teachers and principals, and we really don’t want to lose them because of this,” one parent sail. “If we can help ease(缓解) their financial burden, we will. “

###### grateful

> Teachers are grateful, but know it may be years before the district is solvent

###### rumor

>Rumors(传言) about what’s happening to the district are moving at lighting speed,” said a student. “We wanted to know the truth, and spread that around instead

​	