## 12.18	Friday

###### fable

> "The fox and The Grapes" is one of the most famous fables(预言)

###### grape

> Lili had fallen asleep clutching a fat bunch of grapes(葡萄).  
> 	莉莉手里抓着一大串葡萄睡着了

###### prophet

> The prophet(预言家) said he would have a bad day

​	**prophecy	预言**

​	英 [ˈprɒfɪt]   美 [ˈprɑːfɪt] 

###### overcast

> The sky is gray and overcast(阴天的)

###### clearing

> A helicopter landed in a clearing(空地) in the dense jungle

###### brazen

> He was brazen(厚颜无耻的) about taking off his shoes on the subway

###### from now on

> You can retire from now on
>
> ​	从此以后你可以退休了

###### atmospheric

> Atmospheric layers of gas surround the Earth and allow us to breathe

​	**atmosphere	大气，气氛，大气层**

###### gas

> Atmospheric layers of gas surround the Earth and allow us to breathe

###### fluctuate

> The value fluctuates(波动) up and down
>
>  Prices fluctuate from year to year.  
> 	物价年年波动.

​	英 [ˈflʌktʃueɪt]   美 [ˈflʌktʃueɪt] 

###### lawn

> I take care of my lawn(草地) to keep it nice and green

###### generosity

> The little boy showed his generosity(慷慨) by giving his pear to his borther

​	**generous**

###### helmet

> With the helmet(钢盔) and rifle,the dog looks like a real soldier

​	英 [ˈhelmɪt]   美 [ˈhelmɪt] 

###### rifle

>With the helmet(钢盔) and rifle(步枪),the dog looks like a real soldier

​	英 [ˈraɪfl]   美 [ˈraɪfl] 

​	**automatic rifle	自动步枪**

###### thesis

> She reads many materials before finally deciding on the topic for her doctoral thesis(论文)

​	英 [ˈθiːsɪs]   美 [ˈθiːsɪs] 

###### trolley

> This trolley(手推车) is the perfect size for his kitten to push

​	英 [ˈtrɒli]   美 [ˈtrɑːli] 

###### dessert

> The dessert(餐后甜点) has both delicacy and deliciousness

​	**desert**

###### delicacy

> The dessert has both delicacy(精美) and deliciousness

###### a piece of cake

> It's a piece of cake
>
> 小菜一碟

###### generalize

> It's safe to generalize(概括) that most trees are green

###### commence

> We were about to commence(开始) the race
>
> The meeting is scheduled to commence at noon.  
> 	会议定于午间召开

###### stroll

> The couple went for a stroll(闲逛) on the beach at sunset

​	**hang out	闲逛**

###### endure

> It is very hard to endure(忍受) the toothache

###### in the dead of the night

> 在夜深人静时

###### traverse

> It's seemed impossible to traverse(穿过) the entire Asian continent by car,but they did it

###### cut his teeth

> He cut his teeth(见习) in the sixties as director of Edinburgh's Traverse Theatre.
>
> ​	very vividly

###### distill

> I learned how to distill(提取，蒸馏) water from the liquid in the lab
>
> We were asked to distill the crucial points of the book.  
> 	我们被要求从这本书中提炼出关键点.

###### console

> My boyfriend always tries his best to console(安慰) me when I am upset

​	**comfort**

###### obese

> The obese(极其肥胖的) man is actively trying to lose weight through exercise

​	英 [əʊˈbiːs]   美 [oʊˈbiːs] 

###### shave

> The man is shaving(剃须) his beard with a razor

###### beard

>The man is shaving(剃须) his beard(胡须) with a razor

​	英 [bɪəd]   美 [bɪrd] 

​	n. （下巴上的）胡须；颌毛

###### razor

>The man is shaving(剃须) his beard(胡须) with a razor(剃刀)

​	英 [ˈreɪzə(r)]   美 [ˈreɪzər] 

###### siren

> The sound of the siren(汽笛，警报器) from the ambulance is actually by a dog
>
> Somewhere **in the distance** a siren hooted.  
> 	远处某个地方响起了警报声。

​	英 [ˈsaɪrən]   美 [ˈsaɪrən] 

###### in the distance

