## 12.28	Monday

###### nut

> Nuts(坚果) are a source of vitamin E for the body

​	英 [nʌt]   美 [nʌt] 

###### sow

> He is sowing(播种) the seeds into the soil

​	英 [səʊ , saʊ]   美 [soʊ , saʊ] 

###### tactical

> It takes a lot of tactial(手段的，战术的) moves in order to win a game of chess

​	英 [ˈtæktɪkl]   美 [ˈtæktɪkəl] 

###### taboo

> Eating meat is one of the taboos(禁忌) for a monk

​	英 [təˈbuː]   美 [təˈbuː] 

###### scholarly

> Her glasses and all the books on her desk gave her a scholarly(学者气质的) appearance

​	英 [ˈskɒləli]   美 [ˈskɑːlərli] 

###### bid

> The winning bid(出价) in the auction was $5

###### auction

> The winning bid(出价) in the auction(拍卖) was $5

​	英 [ˈɔːkʃn]   美 [ˈɔːkʃn] 

###### brush

> Brushes(刷子) of different sizes may be applied in different situations

###### faithful

> Dogs are the most faithful(忠诚的),loyal pets you can have

###### grill

> The man grills(烤) the sausages on top of a hot iron

###### quantitative

> This quantitative(定量的,数量上的) research studies the effects of this medicine
>
> He said it was only a quantitative difference.  
> 	他说这仅仅是数量上的差别.

​	英 [ˈkwɒntɪtətɪv]   美 [ˈkwɑːntəteɪtɪv] 

###### cholesterol

> Too many fatty foods will cause cholesterol(胆固醇) to block your blood vessels

​	英 [kəˈlestərɒl]   美 [kəˈlestərɔːl] 

###### tortoise

> I told the children the story of the tortoise(乌龟) and the hare

​	英 [ˈtɔːtəs]   美 [ˈtɔːrtəs] 

###### hare

>I told the children the story of the tortoise(乌龟) and the hare(野兔)

​	英 [hɪə(r)]   美 [hɪr] 

​	**rabbit	兔子**

​	**hare	A hare is "an animal like a large rabbit with very strong back legs, that can run very fast."**

###### envisage

> He envisages(想象) a future where he owns a home

​	英 [ɪnˈvɪzɪdʒ]   美 [ɪnˈvɪzɪdʒ] 

###### choke

> She was choking(呛住了) while drinking water

###### aptitude

> He has an excellent aptitude(天资) for science

​	英 [ˈæptɪtjuːd]   美 [ˈæptɪtuːd] 

###### radioactive

> Be careful! These yellow barrels are radioactive(核辐射的)

###### billboard

> The billboard(广告牌) is waiting for an advert

###### advert

> The billboard is waiting for an advert(广告)

###### surroundings

> The village's surroundings(周围) are mostly forests and green lands

###### designated

> Tonight I'm the designated(指定的) driver,so must unfornately remain sober

​	**designate	英 [ˈdezɪɡneɪt]   美 [ˈdezɪɡneɪt] 	指定**

> Will you designate the flowers you wish?  
> 	你能说出你想要的花 吗 ?

###### sober

> Tonight I'm the designated driver,so must unfornately remain sober(没有喝醉的，清醒的)

###### colonial

> In colonial(殖民的) times,Europeans invaded many other countries

​	英 [kəˈləʊniəl]   美 [kəˈloʊniəl] 

###### invade

> In colonial(殖民的) times,Europeans invaded(入侵) many other countries

​	**invasion**

###### impoverish

> Underdeveloped living conditions impoverish(使贫困) African children

​	英 [ɪmˈpɒvərɪʃ]   美 [ɪmˈpɑvərɪʃ] 

###### underdeveloped

> Underdeveloped(不发达的) living conditions impoverish(使贫困) African children

###### shabby

> Our plan was to buy and fix the shabby(破旧的) old house

​	英 [ˈʃæbi]   美 [ˈʃæbi] 

###### harmonious

> The sounds of their instruments blended into a harmonious(和谐的) whole

​	英 [hɑ:ˈməʊniəs]   美 [hɑrˈmoʊniəs] 

###### mosquito

> There are two mosquitos(蚊子) on her arm

​	英 [məˈskiːtəʊ]   美 [məˈskiːtoʊ] 

###### seniority

> People usually bow to seniority(长者) to show their respect

​	英 [ˌsi:niˈɒrəti]   美 [ˌsiniˈɔrəti] 

​	**senior**

###### susceptibility

> Obesity raises susceptibility(感情的脆弱) to cancer

​	英 [səˌseptəˈbɪləti]   美 [səˌsɛptəˈbɪlɪti] 

​	**susceptible	易受影响的，易感动的**

###### depleted

> No one disputed the costs in quality of life and depleted(废弃的) health budgets of an obese population, but the quest for solutions gets diverted by ideological arguments around responsibility and choice.

​	英 [dɪ'plɪtɪd]   美 [dɪ'plɪtɪd] 

###### quest

> No one disputed the costs in quality of life and depleted health budgets of an obese population, but the quest(探索) for solutions gets diverted by ideological arguments around responsibility and choice.

###### divert

>No one disputed the costs in quality of life and depleted health budgets of an obese population, but the quest for solutions gets diverted(转移) by ideological arguments around responsibility and choice.
>
>The war diverted people's attention away from the economic situation.
>	战争把民众的注意力从经济状况上移开了。

​	英 [daɪˈvɜːt]   美 [daɪˈvɜːrt] 

​	**diversion	还记得那个绕路走吗?红色剪头**

###### ideological

>No one disputed the costs in quality of life and depleted health budgets of an obese population, but the quest for solutions gets diverted(转移) by ideological(思想的，意识形态的) arguments around responsibility and choice.

​	英 [ˌaɪdɪə'lɒdʒɪkl]   美 [ˌaɪdiəˈlɑdʒɪkəl, ˌɪdi-] 

###### muddy

> And the water is muddied(弄脏) by lobbying from the industries that profit from consumption of obesity-inducing products

​	英 [ˈmʌdi]   美 [ˈmʌdi] 

###### induce

>And the water is muddied by lobbying from the industries that profit from consumption of obesity-inducing(肥胖引起的) products
>
>Taking a brisk walk can often induce a feeling of well-being.  
>	快步行走常常会使人感到身心舒畅

​	英 [ɪnˈdjuːs]   美 [ɪnˈduːs] 

###### precedent

> Historical precedent(先例) suggests that  and politics can overcome resistence from businesses that pollute and poison but it takes time,and success often starts small

​	英 [ˈpresɪdənt]   美 [ˈpresɪdənt] 

###### it takes time

> Historical precedent(先例) suggests that science and politics can overcome resistence from businesses that pollute and poison but it takes time(这需要时间),and success often starts small

###### heartening

>

###### deprived

> The best results were among younger children and in more deprived(缺少食物的，缺少足够教育的) areas.

​	英 [dɪˈpraɪvd]   美 [dɪˈpraɪvd] 

###### aged

> When 28% of English children aged two to 15(2-15岁！！！！！！！！) are obese,a national shift on the scale achieved bg Leeds would lengthen hundreds of thousands of lives

###### hundreds of thousands of

> When 28% of English children aged two to 15(2-15岁！！！！！！！！) are obese,a national shift on the scale achieved bg Leeds would lengthen hundreds of thousands(几十万，无数) of lives

###### parliament(英)

> Many menbers of parliament(议会) are uncomforatble even with their own government's strategy,since it involves a 'sugar tax' and a ban on the sale of energy drinks to under-16s

​	英 [ˈpɑːləmənt]   美 [ˈpɑːrləmənt] 

​	**congress	美**

###### blunt

> Bans and taxes can be blunt(生硬的) instruments(手段),but their harshest critics can rarely suggest better methods.

​	英 [blʌnt]   美 [blʌnt] 

###### pronounced

> The relationship between poor health and inequality is too pronounced(明显的，被说出来的) for goverments to be passive about large-scale intervention

###### intervention

> The relationship between poor health and inequality is too pronounced(明显的，被说出来的) for goverments to be passive about large-scale intervention(介入，干涉，干预)

###### prone

> People living in the most deprived areas are four times more prone(易于...的) to die from avoidable causes than counterparts in more affluent places
>
> He's prone to flit between subjects with amazing ease.  
> 	他往往会轻松自如地转换话题

###### counterparts

>People living in the most deprived areas are four times more prone to die from avoidable causes than counterparts in more affluent places

###### affluent

>People living in the most deprived areas are four times more prone to die from avoidable causes than counterparts in more affluent(富裕的) places

###### deliver

> The HENRY programme was delivered(交付) in part through children's centres
>
> ​	这个什么计划已经通过儿童中心部分交付(部分完成)

###### in part

> The HENRY programme was delivered(交付) in part(部分) through children's centres

###### wellbeing

> The function of the well-designed state intervention is not to deprive people of liberty but t build  social capacity and infrastructure that helps people take responsibility  for their wellbeing(健康)

​	**health**

​	**fitness**

​	**wellbeing**

###### reliance

> self-reliance(依靠)	自力更生
>
> ​	The Prime Minister called for more economic self-reliance.  
>
> ​		首相呼吁加强经济上的自给自足。
>
> ​	People learned self-reliance because they had to.  
> ​		人们被迫学会了自力更生。

###### devise

> The obesity crisis will not have a solution devised(设计) by left or right ideology-but experience indicates that the private sector needs the incentive of regulation before it starts taking public health emergencies seriously

​	**design**

###### sector

> private sector(部门)	私营部门

​	**sector	sector 多指“某个国家经济活动或社会中的一个行业,"the service sector 服务业”、“the financial sector 金融业”**

​	**department	**

​	**division	division 所在的组织或公司规模可能比 department 要大**

###### regulation

> the incentive(鼓励) of regulation(监管)
>
> ​	监管的鼓励





