## 12.25	Friday

###### never ever

> ever 在这里表示强调
>
> We will never ever get back together
>
> We are never ever going to get back together

###### 1

>Only in the past 20 years have specialists in language study realized that signed languages are unique—a speech of the hand.They offer a new way to probe(探索) how the brain generates and understands language, and **throw new light(进一步提供消息(或事实); 对…进行新的阐述)** on an old scientific **controversy(公开辩论)**: whether language, complete with grammar, is something that we are born With, or whether it is a learned behavior.

​	**controvert**

###### enroll

>When Bill Stokoe went to Gallaudet to teach English, the school enrolled him in a course in signing

###### dismiss

>It was 1955, when even deaf people dismissed their signing as “substandard(不够标准的)”.

###### fight

> For decades educators fought his idea that signed languages are natural languages like English, French and Japanese	

###### campaign

>It came as something of a surprise when Diana, Princess of Wales, made a trip to Angola in 1997, to support the Red Cross’s campaign(运动) for a total ban on all **anti-personnel(杀伤性的)** landmines

​	英 [kæmˈpeɪn]   美 [kæmˈpen] 

​	**movement**

###### landmine

>Within hours of arriving in Angola, television screens around the World were filled with images of her comforting victims injured in explosions caused by landmines(地雷).

###### 2

>“I knew the statistics,” she said. “But putting a face to those figures brought the reality home to me; like When I met Sandra, a 13-year-old girl who had lost her leg, and people like her.”

###### brush

>The Princess responded by **brushing aside(无视)** the criticisms: “This is a distraction (干扰) we do not need. All I’m trying to do is help.”

​	英 [brʌʃ]   美 [brʌʃ] 

​	n.  刷子，画笔; 灌木丛; 小冲突;

​	vt.  刷; 掠过; 擦; 轻触;
​	vi.  刷; 擦过;
​	变形 过去分词: brushed 复数: brushes 过去式: brushed 现在分词: brushing 第三人称单数: brushes

###### majesty

> Your majesty
>
> ​	陛下

​	英 [ˈmædʒəsti]   美 [ˈmædʒɪsti] 

###### 3

>I’m usually fairly skeptical about any research that concludes that people are either happier or unhappier or more or less certain of themselves than they were 50 years ago. While any of these statements might be true, they are practically impossible to prove scientifically

###### fairly

> I will kill you if you don't know the meaning of this word again

######  skeptical 

>I’m usually fairly skeptical(怀疑性的) about any research that concludes that people are either happier or unhappier or more or less certain of themselves than they were 50 years ago.

​	英 [ˈskeptɪkl]   美 [ˈskeptɪkl] 

###### cite

>Why are America’s kids so stressed? The report cites(引用) two main causes: increasing physical isolation—brought on by high divorce rates and less involvement in community, among other things—and a growing perception that the world is a more dangerous place

###### divorce

>Why are America’s kids so stressed? The report cites two main causes: increasing physical isolation—brought on by high divorce(离婚) rates and less involvement in community, among other things—and a growing perception that the world is a more dangerous place

###### cope

>Given that we can’t turn the clock back, adults can still do plenty to help the next generation cope(help是使役动词)

###### eliminate

> Children’s anxiety can be eliminated(排除) with more parental care

​	英 [ɪˈlɪmɪneɪt]   美 [ɪˈlɪməˌnet] 

###### take away

> Are you going to take away my true love now???
>
> Are you going to rob my true love away from me now ?
>
> ​	你现在要夺走我的真爱了吗?

