## 12.30	Wednesday

###### veteran

> Any veteran(经验丰富的) nicotine addict will testify that fancy packaging plays no role in the decision to keep smoking

​	英 [ˈvetərən]   美 [ˈvɛtərən] 

###### nicotine

> Any veteran nicotine(尼古丁) addict will testify that fancy packaging plays no role in the decision to keep smoking

###### addict

> Any veteran nicotine addict(吸毒上瘾的人) will testify that fancy packaging plays no role in the decision to keep smoking

​	英 [ˈædɪkt]   美 [ˈædɪkt] 

​	**addicted**

###### strip

`to take off all or most of your clothes or another person's clothes`

>I stripped and washed myself all over.
>	我脱掉衣服，把全身洗了洗
>
>We stripped off and ran down to the water.
>	我们脱掉衣服，跑进水里

`to remove a layer from sth, especially so that it is completely exposed`

> So，it is argued, stripping cartons of their branding will trigger no mass movement to quit.
>
> **strip A of B	从A剥去B**
>
> **strip A off B	从B剥去A**	

###### carton

> So，it is argued, stripping cartons(硬纸盒，用来装事物或商品的) of their branding will trigger no mass movement to quit.

​	**cartoon**

###### mass

> So，it is argued, stripping cartons of their branding will trigger no mass(群众的) movement to quit.

###### halve

> This approach has led over time to a fall in smoking with numbers having roughly halved(对分) since the 1970s.
>
>  Halve the pineapple and scoop out the inside.  
> 	将菠萝对半切开，挖出里面的果肉

###### 1

> Since tobacco is one of the biggest causes of premature death in the UK, a measure that tames the habit even by a fraction is worth trying.

###### tame

`to make sth tame or easy to control`

>Since tobacco is one of the biggest causes of premature death in the UK, a measure that tames(控制) the habit even by a fraction(一小部分) is worth trying.

###### 2

> The theory is that smoking should be stripped of any appeal to discourage new generations from starting in the first place
>
> ​	注意这个被动语态
>
> ​	strip A of B
>
> ​	A be striped of B

###### it didn't escape notice

> 这没有逃离人们的视线(人们注意到)

###### minded

> In November 2013,after an unnecessary round of additional consultation, health minister Jane Ellison said the government was minded(有意) to proceed after all(最终)

###### 3

> With sufficient will in Downing Street this would have been done already

###### overwhelmingly 

>MPs voted overwhelmingly(压倒性优势地) in favor of(赞同) Labour amendments to the children and families bill last February that included the power to regulate for plain packaging.

​	英 [ˌəʊvə(r)'welmɪŋli]   美 [ˌoʊvər'hwelmɪŋli] 

###### in favor of

> MPs voted overwhelmingly in favor of(赞同) Labour amendments to the children and families bill last February that included the power to regulate for plain packaging.

###### chain smokers

> What do chain smokers(连续抽烟的人) think of cigraette packing

###### no wonder that

> No wonder(难怪) it has become fashionable to denounce many universities as little more than elaborate con-tricks(骗术)

###### as little more than

> No wonder(难怪) it has become fashionable to denounce many universities as little more than(只不过) elaborate con-tricks(骗术)

###### portion

> Almost half of graduates-those who go on to earn less-will have a portion(一部分) of their debt written off(撤销).

###### 4

> It's not just the lectures and tutorials that are important.
>
> ​	不仅仅是这俩是重要的

###### pay

`to result in some advantage or profit for sb `

> Yet it still pays(值得，收益，划算) to go to university.

###### recruiter

> Recruiter(招聘人员) circle elite(精英) universities like vultures(秃鹰)

​	英 [rɪ'kru:tə(r)]   美 [rɪˈkrutɚ] 

​	**recruit**

###### elite

> Recruiter circle elite(精英) universities like vultures(秃鹰)

​	英 [eɪˈliːt , ɪˈliːt]   美 [eɪˈliːt , ɪˈliːt] 

###### moan

> School-leavers may moan(抱怨),but they have little choice but to embrace university and the student debt that comes with it

###### vulgar

> His behavior is so vulgar(粗俗的) that nobody wants to approach him

​	英 [ˈvʌlɡə(r)]   美 [ˈvʌlɡər] 

###### recollection

> When one gets older,he will have a poorer recollection(回忆)

###### livelihood

`a means of earning money in order to live`

> This family's livelihood depends on the produce from the farm

###### acknowledge

> I would like to acknowledge(答谢) my debt(人情债) to my teachers

###### decisive

> The last judge(评委) has the decisive(决定性的) vote in deciding the winner

​	英 [dɪˈsaɪsɪv]   美 [dɪˈsaɪsɪv] 

###### captive

> The poor tiger is kept captive(被监禁的) in the cage

###### brow

> She is painting her eye brows(眉毛)

###### explosive

> The scientist was hurt by explosive(爆炸的) liquid

###### chronicle

> This ancient Chinese chronicle(编年史) is a record of past events

###### call of nature

>  I'm afraid I have to answer a call of nature.  
> 	抱歉我要去趟洗手间。

###### caress

> My daughter caressed(爱抚) my belly with her hands and kissed it

​	英 [kəˈres]   美 [kəˈrɛs] 

###### belly

> My daughter caressed(爱抚) my belly(腹部) with her hands and kissed it

​	英 [ˈbeli]   美 [ˈbɛli] 

###### cattle

> Some cattle(牛) are grazing in the field

###### graze

> Some cattle(牛) are grazing(吃草) in the field

