###### prosecute

​	`V-T/V-I If the authorities **prosecute** someone, they charge them with a crime and put them on trial. 对…提起公诉; 提起公诉`

> New research suggests that CSR may create monetary value for companies - at least when they are prosecuted(起诉) for corruption
>
> Photographs taken by roadside cameras will soon be enough to prosecute drivers for speeding.
>
> 路边摄像机所拍到的照片不久将足以用来起诉超速的司机。

​	/ˈprɒsɪkjuːt/

###### rule out

>Their analysis ruled out the possibility that it was firm's political influence.rather than their CSR stand,that accounted for the leniency

###### nostalgia

> Nostalgia(怀旧之情) for ink on paper and the rustle of pages aside,there's plenty of incentive to ditch print,delivery trucks-isn't just expensive

​	/nɒˈstaldʒə/

###### ditch

​	`V-T If you **ditch** something that you have or are responsible for, you abandon it or get rid of it, because you no longer want it. 丢弃 [非正式]`

> Nostalgia(怀旧之情) for ink on paper and the rustle of pages aside,there's plenty of incentive to ditch print,delivery trucks-isn't just expensive

###### overhead

​	`N-PLURAL The **overheads** of a business are its regular and essential expenses, such as salaries, rent, electricity, and telephone bills. (企业的) 日常费用 [商业]`

> Overhead may be high and circulation lower,but rushing to eliminate its print edition would be a mistake.

###### circulation

​	`N-COUNT The **circulation** of a newspaper or magazine is the number of copies that are sold each time it is produced. 发行量`

>Overhead may be high and circulation lower,but rushing to eliminate its print edition would be a mistake.

​	/səːkjʊˈleɪʃ(ə)n/

###### enlist

​	`V-T If you **enlist** the help of someone, you persuade them to help or support you in doing something. 赢得`

>Enlist the support of professionals and share with them your goals and context