###### kin

​	`N-PLURAL Your **kin** are your relatives. 亲戚 [DIALECT, OLD-FASHIONED]`

> Most of people do not even know their fourth cousins but somehow manage to select as friends the people who resemble our kin

###### draw

​	`V-T If something such as a film or an event **draws** a lot of people, it is so interesting or entertaining that a lot of people go to it. 吸引`

>Perhaps,as the team suggests,it draws(吸引) us to similar environments but there is more to it
>
>The game is currently drawing huge crowds.
>
>这项比赛目前正吸引着大批群众。

###### see

​	`V-T If you **see** **that** something is done or if you **see** **to it that** it is done, you make sure that it is done. 确保`

> Though all the subjects were drawn from a population of European extraction,care was taken to see(确保) that all subjects,friends and strangers,were taken from the same population.
>
> See that you take care of him.
>
> 你一定要好好照顾他。

###### abdicate

​	`V-I If a king or queen **abdicates**, he or she gives up being king or queen. 退位`

> King Juan Carlos of Spain once insisted "kings don't abdicate,they die in their sleep"
>
> The last French king was Louis Philippe, who abdicated in 1848.
>
> 最后一位法国国王是路易斯·菲利普, 退位于1848年。

​	英 [ˈæbdɪkeɪt]   美 [ˈæbdɪˌket] 

###### scandal

​	`N-COUNT A **scandal** is a situation or event that is thought to be shocking and immoral and that everyone knows about. 丑闻`

> But embarrassing scandals and the popularity of the republican left in the recent Euro-elections have forced him to eat his words and stand down.

​	英 [ˈskændl]   美 [ˈskændl] 

###### polarize

​	`V-T/V-I If something **polarizes** people or if something **polarizes**, two separate groups are formed with opposite opinions or positions. 使两级分化; 两级分化`

> When public opinion is particularly polarised(两极分化的), as it was following the end of the Franco regime,monarchs can rise above "mere" politics and "embody" a spirit of national unity

​	英 [ˈpəʊləraɪz]   美 [ˈpoʊləraɪz] 

###### infested

​	`infested ADJ 大批出没的`

>Europe is the most monarch-infested region in the world,with 10 kingdoms.

###### aristocratic

> It's bizarre that wealthy aristocratic(贵族的) families should still be the symbolic heart of modern democratic states

​	英 [ˌærɪstəˈkrætɪk]   美 [əˌrɪstəˈkrætɪk]  

###### party

> Even so,there are wealthy families who party(参加社交聚会) with the international 1% and media intrusiveness makes it difficult to maintain the right image

###### upset

​	`V-T If events **upset** something such as a procedure or a state of affairs, they cause it to go wrong. 搅乱`

> California has asked the justices to refrain from a sweeping ruling,particularly one that upsets(打乱，搅乱，推翻) the assumption that authorities may search through the possessions of suspects at the time of their arrest.

###### purse

​	`N-COUNT A **purse** is a very small bag that people, especially women, keep their money in. (尤指女式) 钱包 [英国英语]`

> They should start by discarding California's lame argument that exploring the contents of a smartphone- a vast storehouse of digital information-is similar to,say going through a suspect 's purse(钱包).

​	英 [pɜ:s]   美 [pɜrs] 

​	**discard and abandon**

###### unsettling

> unsettling(令人不安的) dearth of integrity across so many of our institutions

​	英 [ʌnˈsetlɪŋ] 

###### dearth

​	`N-SING If there is **a** **dearth** **of** something, there is not enough of it. 不足 [usu N 'of' n]`

> unsettling dearth of integrity across so many of our institutions

​	英 [dɜ:θ]   美 [dɜrθ] 

###### integrity

​	`N-UNCOUNT If you have **integrity**, you are honest and firm in your moral principles. 正直; 诚实`

> unsettling dearth of integrity across so many of our institutions

​	英 [ɪnˈtegrəti]   美 [ɪnˈtɛɡrɪti] 

###### conspire

​	`V-RECIP If two or more people or groups **conspire** **to** do something illegal or harmful, they make a secret agreement to do it. 合谋`

>They'd conspired to overthrow the government.
>
>他们曾合谋推翻政府。

​	英 [kənˈspaɪə(r)]   美 [kənˈspaɪr]  

