###### level

> It peaks in young adulthood,levels out(平坦起来，到达稳定) for a period of time,and then generally starts to slowly decline as we age.

###### fare

​	`N-COUNT A **fare** is the money that you pay for a trip that you make, for example, in a bus, train, or taxi. 车费`

> How can the train operators possibly justify yet another increase to rail passenger fares?

​	英 [feə(r)]   美 [fer] 

###### impose

​	`V-T If you **impose** something **on** people, you use your authority to force them to accept it. 强制实行`

> every January the cost of traveling by train rises,imposing a significant extra burden on those who have no option but to use the rail network to go to work

###### fraction

​	`N-COUNT A **fraction** **of** something is a tiny amount or proportion of it. 少量`

>This year's rise,an average of 2.7 percent,may be a fraction lower than last year's

###### trumpet

​	`吹小号，大肆宣传`

> It is all very well train operators trumpeting the improvements they are making to the network,but passengers should be able to expect a basic level of service for the substantial sums they are now paying to travel

​	英 [ˈtrʌmpɪt]   美 [ˈtrʌmpɪt] 

###### indefinitely

​	`ADV If a situation will continue **indefinitely**, it will continue forever or until someone decides to change it or end it. 无限期地 [ADV with v]`

> I couldn't stay here indefinitely(无期限的)

###### turnaround

> One reason for the turnaround may be the country's antipoverty program

###### degradation

​	`N-UNCOUNT **Degradation** is the process of something becoming worse or weaker, or being made worse or weaker. 恶化; 衰退`

> That's because economic growth can be correlated with environmental degradation,while protecting the environment is sometimes correlated with greater poverty

​	英 [ˌdegrəˈdeɪʃn]   美 [ˌdɛɡrəˈdeʃən] 

###### preoccupied

​	`ADJ If you are **preoccupied**, you are thinking a lot about something or someone, and so you hardly notice other things. 专注的`

> I've become preoccupied with looking for photographs that show our Victorian ancestors smiling

###### shatter

​	` V-T/V-I If something **shatters** or **is shattered**, it breaks into a lot of small pieces. 粉碎`

> What better way to shatter the image of 19th-century prudery?

###### prudery

​	`N-UNCOUNT **Prudery** is prudish behaviour or attitudes. 拘谨 [表不满]`

> What better way to shatter the image of 19th-century prudery(拘谨)?

​	英 [ˈpru:dəri]   美 [ˈprudəri] 

###### grin

​	`V-I When you **grin**, you smile broadly. 咧嘴笑`

> The thought of holding a fixed grin as the camera performed its magical duties was too much to contemplate

###### hygiene

> before the birth of proper dentistry,mouths were often in a shocking state of hygiene(卫生).

​	英 [ˈhaɪdʒi:n]   美 [ˈhaɪˌdʒin] 

###### sinister

​	`ADJ Something that is **sinister** seems evil or harmful. 不祥的; 险恶的`

> In the movies and on television,artificial intelligence is typically depicted as something sinister that will upend our way of life.

###### upend

​	`V-T If you **upend** something, you turn it upside down. 颠倒`

> In the movies and on television,artificial intelligence is typically depicted as something sinister that will upend our way of life.

###### impending

​	` ADJ An **impending** event is one that is going to happen very soon. 即将发生的 [正式] [ADJ n]`

> When it comes to AI in business,we often hear about it in relation to automation and the impending loss of jobs