###### workout

​	`N-COUNT A **workout** is a period of physical exercise or training. 体育锻炼; 体育训练`

> the right mental workout can significantly improve our basic cognitive functions
>
> Give your upper body a workout by using handweights.
>
> 用哑铃锻炼一下你的上半身。

###### upfront

​	adj.  正直的，坦率的; 最前面的，首要的; 在前面的; 预先的;

​	adv.  在前面; 预付;

> In order to "change lives for the better" and reduce "dependency",George Osborne,Chancellor of the Exchequer,introduced the "upfront work search" scheme
>
> He's been upfront about his intentions since the beginning. 
>
> 他从一开始就明白说出了他的意图。

###### benefit

> Only if the jobless arrive at the jobcentre with a CV,register for online job search,and start looking for work will they be eligible for benefit(救济金)

###### allowance

​	`N-COUNT An **allowance** is money that is given to someone, usually on a regular basis, in order to help them pay for the things that they need. 补贴`

> More apparent reasonableness followed. There will now be a seven-day wait for the jobseeker's allowance

###### zeal

​	`N-UNCOUNT **Zeal** is great enthusiasm, especially in connection with work, religion, or politics. (尤指对工作、宗教或政治的) 热衷`

> What motivated him,we were to understand,was his zeal for "fundamental fairness" - protecting the taxpayer,controlling spending and ensuring that only the most deserving claimants received their benefits.

###### tempt

​	`V-T Something that **tempts** you attracts you and makes you want it, even though it may be wrong or harmful. 引诱; 吸引`

> The best lawyers made skyscrapers-full of money,tempting ever more students to pile into law schools.

​	英 [tempt]   美 [tɛmpt] 

###### sit for

​	`应考`

> Another is to let students sit for the bar after only two years of law school

###### the bar

​	`律师界`

> Another is to let students sit for the bar after only two years of law school

###### upstart

​	n.  暴发户，新贵; 傲慢自负的人;

​	adj.  暴富的; 自命不凡的，傲慢无礼的;
​	vi.  突然跳起，突然发起;

> You cannot buy class,as the old saying goes,and these upstart entrepreneurs cannot buy their prizes the prestige of the Nobles.

###### distort

​	`V-T If you **distort** a statement, fact, or idea, you report or represent it in an untrue way. 歪曲; 曲解`

> They could distort the achievement-based system of peer-review-led research

###### outgrown

​	`自己品吧`

> But the Nobel Foundation's limit of three recipients per prize,each of whom must still be living,has long been outgrown by the collaborative nature of modern research-as will be demonstrated by the inevitable **row** over who is ignored when it comes to acknowledging the discovery of the Higgs boson.
>
> The company has outgrown its offices. 
>
> 公司发展得办公室都不够用了。