###### credit

​	`V-T If people **credit** someone **with** an achievement or if it **is credited to** them, people say or believe that they were responsible for it. 归功于`

> He is also generally credited with ordering the creation of a new written script for the [Manchu language](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manchu_language) based on the [Mongolian vertical script](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mongolian_script).

###### speculate

​	`V-T/V-I If you **speculate** about something, you make guesses about its nature or identity, or about what might happen. 猜测`

> But Dr Uri Simonsohn speculated that an inability to consider the big picture was leading decision-maker to be biased by the daily samples of information they were working with.

###### sentence

​	`V-T When a judge **sentences** someone, he or she states in court what their punishment will be. 宣判; 判决`

​	`sentence sb to sth`

> a judge fearful of appearing too soft on crime might be more likely to send send someone to prison if he had already sentenced five or six other defendants only to forced community service on that day
>
> She was sentenced to nine years in prison.
>
> 她被判处9年监禁

###### defendant

> a judge fearful of appearing too soft on crime might be more likely to send send someone to prison if he had already sentenced five or six other defendants(被告) only to forced community service on that day

​	英 [dɪˈfendənt]   美 [dɪˈfɛndənt] 

###### undo

​	` V-T To **undo** something that has been done means to reverse its effect. 使无效`

> This might sound small,but to undo the effects of such a decrease a candidate would need 30 more GMAT points

###### scold

​	`V-T If you **scold** someone, you speak angrily to them because they have done something wrong. 责骂 [正式]`

> scolds her unattractive assistant for imagining the high fashion doesn't affect her.

###### descend

​	`V-T/V-I If you **descend** or if you **descend** a staircase, you move downward from a higher to a lower level. 下 (楼梯等); 下来 [正式]`

​	`**下降；下去；下来；遗传；屈尊**`

> Priestly explains how the deep blue color of the assistant's sweater descended over the year from fashion shows to department stores and to the bargain bin in which the poor girl doubtless fount her garment.

###### garment

​	`N-COUNT A **garment** is a piece of clothing; used especially in contexts where you are talking about the manufacture or sale of clothes. 衣服 (尤用于衣服生产和销售的领域)`

> Priestly explains how the deep blue color of the assistant's sweater descended over the year from fashion shows to department stores and to the bargain bin in which the poor girl doubtless fount her garment.

​	英 [ˈgɑ:mənt]   美 [ˈgɑrmənt] 

###### doubtless

​	`ADV If you say that something is **doubtless** the case, you mean that you think it is probably or almost certainly the case. 大概; 近乎无疑地 [ADV with cl/group]`

> Priestly explains how the deep blue color of the assistant's sweater descended over the year from fashion shows to department stores and to the bargain bin in which the poor girl doubtless fount her garment.

​	英 [ˈdaʊtləs]   美 [ˈdaʊtlɪs] 

###### vanity

> Vanity(虚荣心) is a constant;people will only start shopping more sustainably when they can't afford it

​	英 [ˈvænəti]   美 [ˈvænɪti] 

###### get cracking on

​	`开始做某事`

> In February the FTC and the Digital Advertising Alliance agreed that the industry would get cracking on responding to DNT requests

###### rosy

​	`ADJ If you say that a situation looks **rosy** or that the picture looks **rosy**, you mean that the situation seems likely to be good or successful. 乐观的`

> To be sure,the future is not all rosy

​	英 [ˈrəʊzi]   美 [ˈroʊzi] 

###### modest

​	`ADJ You use **modest** to describe something such as an amount, rate, or improvement which is fairly small. (数量、比率或改进幅度等) 较小的`

> On a five to three vote,the Supreme Court knocked out much of Arizona's immigration law Monday-a modest policy victory for the Obama Administration.

​	英 [ˈmɒdɪst]   美 [ˈmɑdɪst] 

###### joint

​	`结合，联合; 为…装上接头，使…有接缝;`

> That's because Congress has always envisioned **joint** federal-state immigration enforcement and **explicitly** encourages state officers to share information and cooperate with federal colleagues