###### provisional

​	`ADJ You use **provisional** to describe something that has been arranged or appointed for the present, but may be changed in the future. 临时的; 暂时的`

> Later, the provisional capital of the Northern Song Dynasty was founded in Ying Tian Fu (present-day Shangqiu of Henan). 
>
> temporary appointment:	临时的任命，找到合适的人立马换下去
>
> provisional appointment	临时的任命，我就先暂时忝居要职(因为我不确定是否有能力)
>
> The difference is that *provisional* emphasizes caution, uncertainty

​	英 [prəˈvɪʒənl]   美 [prəˈvɪʒənəl] 

###### elaborate

​	`V-T If you **elaborate** a plan or theory, you develop it by making it more complicated and more effective. 周密制定; 周密发展`

> [Emperor Taizu of Song](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emperor_Taizu_of_Song) elaborated a mutiny and usurped the throne of the [Later Zhou](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Later_Zhou) (the last in a succession of five dynasties), which marked the beginning of the Dynasty.

​	英 [ɪˈlæbərət]   美 [ɪˈlæbəret] 

###### uproot

​	`V-T If someone **uproots** a tree or plant, or if the wind **uproots** it, it is pulled out of the ground. 把…连根拔起`

> He adopted an authoritarian centralized system to uproot the potential dictatorship and autocracy of senior officials, which had long been a threat ever since the mid-Tang Dynasty

​	英 [ˌʌpˈru:t]   美 [ʌpˈrut, -ˈrʊt] 

###### intelligence

​	`N-UNCOUNT **Intelligence** is information that is gathered by the government or the army about their country's enemies and their activities. 情报`

> During the spring festival in 960, Zhao's partisan fellows made up false intelligence that the Liao state was to invade. 

###### banquet

​	`宴会`

> In 961 and 969, during banquets, and while drunk (or pretending to be) Zhao threatened the generals twice not to rebel against the Song, just like he himself had done against the later Zhou, and deprived them of the power they used to have by assigning them to merely nominal positions while appointing civil officials as commanders of troops, to centralize the military power.

###### inaugurate

​	`V-T If you **inaugurate** a new system or service, you start it. 开创 [正式]`

> The [Lǐ family](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/House_of_Li) (李) founded the dynasty, seizing power during the decline and collapse of the Sui Empire and inaugurating a period of progress and stability in the first half of the dynasty's rule. 

​	英 [ɪˈnɔ:gjəreɪt]   美 [ɪnˈɔɡjəˌret] 

###### pivotal

​	`ADJ A **pivotal** role, point, or figure in something is one that is very important and affects the success of that thing. 关键的`

> Taizong subsequently played a pivotal role in defeating several of the dynasty's most dangerous opponents and solidifying its rule over China.[[6\]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emperor_Taizong_of_Tang#cite_note-8)[[c\]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emperor_Taizong_of_Tang#cite_note-10)

​	英 [ˈpɪvətl]   美 [ˈpɪvətl] 

###### frank

​	`ADJ If someone is **frank**, they state or express things in an open and honest way. 坦率的`

> Unlike much of the nobility in his time, Emperor Taizong was a frank rationalist and scholar of logic and scientific reason, openly scorning superstitions and claims of signs from the heavens.

###### scorn

​	`V-T If you **scorn** someone or something, you feel or show contempt for them. 鄙视; 看不起`

>Unlike much of the nobility in his time, Emperor Taizong was a frank rationalist and scholar of logic and scientific reason, openly scorning superstitions and claims of signs from the heavens.

​	英 [skɔ:n]   美 [skɔ:rn] 

###### superstition

​	`迷信`

> Unlike much of the nobility in his time, Emperor Taizong was a frank rationalist and scholar of logic and scientific reason, openly scorning superstitions and claims of signs from the heavens.

​	英 [ˌsu:pəˈstɪʃn]   美 [ˌsu:pərˈstɪʃn] 

​	**superstitious**

###### incursion

​	`N-COUNT If there is an **incursion** **into** a country, enemy soldiers suddenly enter it. 侵入 [正式] [oft N 'into' n]`

​	`"Incursion" is usually referring to a sudden, quick, and temporary invasion.`

>The first thing that Li Shimin had to deal with was another incursion by Xue Ju, as Xue attacked Jing Prefecture (涇州, roughly modern [Pingliang](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pingliang), [Gansu](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gansu)) and Emperor Gaozu sent Li Shimin to resist Xue.

​	英 [ɪnˈkɜ:ʃn]   美 [ɪnˈkɜ:rʒn] 

###### rebuff

​	`**断然拒绝**`

>When Li Shimin arrived at the Zheng capital Luoyang, Wang offered peace, but Li Shimin rebuffed him and put Luoyang under siege

​	英 [rɪˈbʌf]   美 [rɪˈbʌf] 