###### contend

> Tina Rosenberg contends that peer pressure can also be a positive force through what she calls the social cure

###### initiative

​	`N-COUNT An **initiative** is an important act or statement that is intended to solve a problem. (重要的) 法案; 倡议`

> In South Africa,an HIV-prevention initiative known as loveLIfe recruits young people to promote safe sex among their peers.

###### plead

​	`V-I If you **plead with** someone to do something, you ask them in an intense, emotional way to do it. 恳求`

> "Dare to be different , please don't smoke" pleads one billboard campaign aimed at reducing smoking among teenagers
>
> The lady pleaded with her daughter to come back home.
>
> 那位女士恳求她的女儿回家。

​	英 [pli:d]  美 [plid] 

###### tactic

​	`N-COUNT **Tactics** are the methods that you choose to use in order to achieve what you want in a particular situation. 战术`

> The tactic never really works.

​	区别

###### provoke

​	`V-T If something **provokes** a reaction, it causes it. 引起`

> A deal is a deal - expect,apparently,when Entergy is involved. The company,a major energy supplier in New England,provoked justified outrage in Vermont last week when it announced it was reneging on a longstanding commitment abide by the state's strict nuclear regulations.

​	**cause**

###### outrage

​	`N-UNCOUNT **Outrage** is an intense feeling of anger and shock. 震怒`

> A deal is a deal - expect,apparently,when Entergy is involved. The company,a major energy supplier in New England,provoked justified outrage in Vermont last week when it announced it was reneging on a longstanding commitment abide by the state's strict nuclear regulations.

​	英 [ˈaʊtreɪdʒ]   美 [ˈaʊtˌredʒ] 

###### go along

​	`赞同`

> In 2006,the state went a step further,requiring that any extension of the plant's license be subject to the Vermont legislature's approval. Then,too,the company went along.

###### prime

​	`全盛时期`

> When Hoffa's Teamsters were in their prime in 1960,only one in ten American government workers belonged to a union.

###### prudent

​	`ADJ Someone who is **prudent** is sensible and careful. 谨慎的`

>Public-sector unions are prudent in taking actions.

​	英 [ˈpru:dnt]   美 [ˈprudnt] 