###### root in

> our feeling are partially rooted in physical reactions.

###### veer

​	`V-I If something **veers** in a certain direction, it suddenly moves in that direction. 突然转向`

> At first glance, it seems to adopt much of the Trump administration’s conviction that the world’s two biggest powers are veering dangerously toward confrontation, a clear change in tone from the Obama years.

​	英 [vɪə(r)]   美 [vɪr] 

###### temper

​	`调和; 使回火; 锻炼; 缓和;`

> But the emerging strategy more directly repudiates the prevailing view of the last quarter century that deep economic interdependence could be counted on to temper fundamental conflicts on issues like China’s military buildup, its territorial ambitions and human rights.

###### outline

> It is a meeting they delayed until they could reach the outlines(轮廓，纲要) of a common strategy with allies — notably Japan, South Korea, India and Australia — and one they insisted had to take place on American soil.

###### autonomy

​	`N-UNCOUNT **Autonomy** is the control or government of a country, organization, or group by itself rather than by others. 自治`

> And that is happening almost daily, he conceded, including Beijing’s efforts to terminate Hong Kong’s autonomy, intimidate Australia and Taiwan, and move ahead, despite international condemnation, with what Mr. Blinken has said is a “genocide” aimed at China’s Uyghur minority.

###### intimidate

​	`V-T If you **intimidate** someone, you deliberately make them frightened enough to do what you want them to do. 恐吓; 威胁`

>And that is happening almost daily, he conceded, including Beijing’s efforts to terminate Hong Kong’s autonomy, intimidate Australia and Taiwan, and move ahead, despite international condemnation, with what Mr. Blinken has said is a “genocide” aimed at China’s Uyghur minority.

​	英 [ɪnˈtɪmɪdeɪt]   美 [ɪnˈtɪmɪˌdet] 

###### overt

​	`ADJ An **overt** action or attitude is done or shown in an open and obvious way. 公开的; 明显的`

> An American destroyer sailed through the Taiwan Strait the next day, the traditional reminder that an overt move to take over the island would provoke a response from the United States.

​	英 [əʊˈvɜ:t]   美 [oʊˈvɜ:rt] 

​	**covert**

​	**both overt and covert are military use**

###### conscripte

​	`[动词 + 名词短语][常用被动态] ~ sb (into sth) (especially British English) (North American English usually draft) to make sb join the armed forces 征募；征召`

> Emperor Yang conscripted many soldiers for the campaign. 

​	英 [kənˈskrɪpt]   美 [ˈkɑnˌskrɪpt] 

###### lead

​	`[单独使用的动词] ~ to sth to have sth as a result 导致，造成（后果）`

> These military achievements, as well as his machinations against his older brother [Yang Yong](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yang_Yong_(Sui_dynasty)), led to him becoming [crown prince](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crown_prince) in 600

###### downfall

​	`N-COUNT The **downfall** of a successful or powerful person or institution is their loss of success or power. 垮台`

> His failed campaigns against Goguryeo, and the conscriptions levied to man them, coupled with increased taxation to finance these wars, and civil unrest as a result of this taxation, ultimately led to the downfall of the dynasty.