###### detention

​	`[不可数名词] the state of being kept in a place, especially a prison, and prevented from leaving 拘留；扣押；监禁`

> The UK foreign secretary, Dominic Raab, said China’s treatment of the Uighur minority was “the largest mass detention of an ethnic and religious group since the second world war”.

​	英 [dɪˈtenʃn]   美 [dɪˈtenʃn] 

###### condemnation

​	` ~ (of sb/sth) an expression of very strong disapproval 谴责；指责`

> Amid growing international condemnation

​	英 [ˌkɒndemˈneɪʃn]   美 [ˌkɑndemˈneɪʃn] 

###### ambassador

​	`an official who lives in a foreign country as the senior representative there of his or her own country 大使；使节`

> The Chinese ambassador to the EU, Zhang Ming, had given advance warning that there would be countermeasures, including against those organisations spreading “lies” about the situation in Xinjiang

​	英 [æmˈbæsədə(r)]   美 [æmˈbæsədər] 

###### inflict

​	`V-T To **inflict** harm or damage **on** someone or something means to make them suffer it. 使遭受 (伤害或破坏等)`

> The EU accused Chen of “arbitrary detentions and degrading treatment inflicted upon Uighurs and people from other Muslim ethnic minorities, as well as systematic violations of their freedom of religion or belief”.

​	英 [ɪnˈflɪkt]   美 [ɪnˈflɪkt] 

###### source

​	`~ sth (from…) (business 商) to get sth from a particular place （从…）获得 采购`

> There was some criticism of the sanctions within the EU, with the Hungarian foreign minister, Péter Szijjártó, describing the step as pointless. Hungary has been eager to source(采购) vaccines from either Russia or China and has been aggressively wooed by the Chinese foreign service.

###### ratify

​	`V-T When national leaders or organizations **ratify** a treaty or written agreement, they make it official by giving their formal approval to it, usually by signing it or voting for it. 批准 (条约或书面协议)`

> Although the investment deal has yet to be ratified by the European parliament, Germany in particular will be concerned that the sanctions may destabilise economic relations with China.

​	英 [ˈrætɪfaɪ]   美 [ˈrætɪfaɪ] 

###### usher

​	`V-T If you **usher** someone somewhere, you show them where they should go by going with them. 引领 [正式]`

> But Mr. Biden, leading his first overseas trip as the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, was also there [in Beidaihe](https://www.nytimes.com/2012/07/22/world/asia/chinas-communist-elders-take-backroom-intrigue-beachside.html) in 2001 to help **usher in** an important era in America’s relationship with China — the building of a commercial link that would allow the Communist nation entry into the World Trade Organization.

​	英 [ˈʌʃə(r)]   美 [ˈʌʃɚ] 

​	**usher in	**引领

###### adhere

​	`V-I If you **adhere** **to** a rule or agreement, you act in the way that it says you should. 遵守`

> He returned to Washington seeing more promise than peril, offering reporters the same message he had delivered to Chinese leaders: The United States welcomed China’s emergence “as a great power, because great powers **adhere** to international norms in the areas of nonproliferation, human rights and trade.”

###### wary

​	`ADJ If you are **wary** **of** something or someone, you are cautious because you do not know much about them and you believe they may be dangerous or cause problems. 小心的; 提防的`

> Mr. Biden’s 20-year road from **wary** optimism to condemnation — while still straining for some cooperation — is emblematic of the arc of U.S.-China relations, which have deteriorated to an unstable, potentially explosive state.

​	英 [ˈweəri]   美 [ˈweri] 

###### arc 

​	`N-COUNT An **arc** is a smoothly curving line or movement. 弧线; 弧线运动`

> Mr. Biden’s 20-year road from wary optimism to condemnation — while still straining for some cooperation — is emblematic of the **arc** of U.S.-China relations, which have deteriorated to an unstable, potentially explosive state.

​	英 [ɑːk]   美 [ɑːrk] 

###### constrain

​	`V-T To **constrain** someone or something means to limit their development or force them to behave in a particular way. 限制; 迫使 [正式]`

> They say the United States must regain its role as a leader of liberal values and economic innovation, and that will give Washington the standing to rally like-minded nations to constrain China.

​	英 [kənˈstreɪn]   美 [kənˈstreɪn] 

###### defiance

​	`N-UNCOUNT **Defiance** is behaviour or an attitude which shows that you are not willing to obey someone. 违抗; 蔑视 [oft N 'of' n]`

>Chinese officials have accelerated their authoritarian policies, and Beijing’s assertions of power in Hong Kong, the South China Sea and elsewhere are seen in Washington as open defiance

​	英 [dɪˈfaɪəns]   美 [dɪˈfaɪəns] 