###### disruption

​	`N-VAR When there is **disruption** of an event, system, or process, it is prevented from continuing or operating in a normal way. 妨碍; 扰乱`

> Small disruption create small societal shifts;big ones change things for good.

###### vacancy

​	`[可数名词] a room that is available in a hotel, etc. （旅馆等的）空房，空间`

> Hotels in San Francisco are experiencing vacancy rates between 70 and 80 percent.

​	英 [ˈveɪkənsi]   美 [ˈveɪkənsi] 

###### strangle

​	`to kill sb by squeezing or pressing on their throat and neck 扼死；勒死；掐死`

> The pandemic will take lives,strangle economies and destory routines,but it will pass

​	英 [ˈstræŋɡl]   美 [ˈstræŋɡl] 

###### unfold

​	`to spread open or flat sth that has previously been folded; to become open and flat （使）展开；打开`

> Our world is full of -mostly untold-stories of slow hope,driven by the idea that change is possible.They are 'slow' in their unfolding(进展) ,and they are slow because they come with setbacks.

###### setback

​	`a difficulty or problem that delays or prevents sth, or makes a situation worse 挫折；阻碍`

> Our world is full of -mostly untold-stories of slow hope,driven by the idea that change is possible.They are 'slow' in their unfolding ,and they are slow because they come with setbacks.

###### shiver

​	`~ (with sth) (of a person 人) to shake slightly because you are cold, frightened, excited, etc. 颤抖，哆嗦（因寒冷、恐惧、激动等`

> At the begining of time-so goes the myth-humans suffered,shivering in the cold and dark until the titan Prometheus stole fire from the gods.

​	英 [ˈʃɪvə(r)]   美 [ˈʃɪvər] 

###### deplete

​	`[动词 + 名词短语][常用被动态] to reduce sth by a large amount so that there is not enough left 大量减少；耗尽；使枯竭`

>the depletion of ozone(臭氧)
>
>Food supplies were severely depleted.
>	食物供应已严重不足

​	英 [dɪˈpliːt]   美 [dɪˈpliːt] 

###### fed up

​	`~ (with sb/sth) (informal) bored or unhappy, especially with a situation that has continued for too long 厌烦；厌倦；不愉快`

> I'm getting a little fed up with my calls about my claim being completely disregarded.

###### chip

> Computers only have chips.People have brains.

###### irrespective

​	`(PREP-PHRASE) 不考虑…的;不顾…的;不受…影响的 If you say that something happens or should happen irrespective of a particular thing, you mean that it is not affected or should not be affected by that thing.`

> If you're under 30 years old,your goal should be to save 20% of your monthly income after tax deduction.This is irrespective how much you earn.

​	英 [ɪrɪˈspektɪv]   美 [ɪrɪˈspektɪv] 

###### accommodation

​	`[不可数名词](British English) a place to live, work or stay in 住处；办公处；停留处`

> Approximately 50% should be reserved for essentials like food and accommodation.

###### complacent

​	`~ (about sb/sth) (usually disapproving) too satisfied with yourself or with a situation, so that you do not feel that any change is necessary; showing or feeling complacency 自满的；自鸣得意的；表现出自满的`

> Always keep that 20% goal in mind,prevents yourself from becoming complacent.

​	英 [kəmˈpleɪsnt]   美 [kəmˈpleɪsnt] 