###### dissent

​	`[不可数名词] the fact of having or expressing opinions that are different from those that are officially accepted （与官方的）不同意见，异议`

> The trial is part of a wave of prosecutions under way as China crushes dissent in the former British colony

​	英 [dɪˈsent]   美 [dɪˈsent] 

###### exercise

​	`[动词 + 名词短语](formal) to use your power, rights or personal qualities in order to achieve sth 行使；使用；运用`

> We believe we were just exercising our constitutional rights to protest come what may

###### quell

​	`to stop sth such as violent behaviour or protests 制止；平息；镇压`

> China passed a national-security law for Hong Kong that aims to quell antigovernment protests following a year of unrest

​	英 [kwel]   美 [kwel] 

###### surveillance

​	`[不可数名词] the act of carefully watching a person suspected of a crime or a place where a crime may be committed （对犯罪嫌疑人或可能发生犯罪的地方的）监视`

> Beyond the police’s usual powers in criminal investigations, the law allows the special police unit to put suspects under secret **surveillance** with authorization from the city’s chief executive.

​	英 [sɜːˈveɪləns]   美 [sɜːrˈveɪləns] 

###### scrutiny 

​	`[不可数名词](formal) careful and thorough examination 仔细检查；认真彻底的审查`

> Hong Kong’s government is also required to strengthen its **scrutiny** and management of schools, civic organizations, media and the Internet, and use these platforms to educate local residents on matters related to national security

​	英 [ˈskruːtəni]   美 [ˈskruːtəni] 

###### retroactively

​	`追溯地`

> The law says it is applicable to offenses committed after it takes effect, indicating that it wouldn’t be retroactively applied.

###### resort

​	`度假胜地`

> Soon Shanghai will become the financial center, and then Hong Kong will become a resort area.

###### plunge into

​	`to push sth quickly and with force into sth else 猛力插入；扎进`

> After the judge read out the verdict Thursday, a lead prosecutor called on the judge to revoke bail until sentencing, saying the offenses were serious and risked plunging Hong Kong into anarchy(混乱) by undermining public order.

​	英 [plʌndʒ]   美 [plʌndʒ] 

###### plead

​	`to state in court that you are guilty or not guilty of a crime （在法庭）申辩，认罪，辩护`

> Two other defendants earlier pleaded guilty.

###### revere

​	`[动词 + 名词短语][常用被动态] ~ sb (as sth) (formal) to feel great respect or admiration for sb/sth 尊敬；崇敬`

> Revered in Hong Kong, Mr. Lee has been singled out for criticism for decades by Beijing as a symbol of democratic opposition to authoritarian Communist Party rule
>
> Students revere the old professors.  
> 	学生们十分尊敬那些老教授.

​	英 [rɪˈvɪə(r)]   美 [rɪˈvɪr] 

###### rags-to-riches

​	`白手起家的`

> A rags-to-riches media tycoon in his early 70s, Mr. Lai has also been an outspoken critic of the Communist Party dating back to the Tiananmen Square massacre in 1989. 

###### obese

​	`(formal,or medical 医) (of people 人) very fat, in a way that is not healthy 臃肿的；虚胖的；病态肥胖的`

> Public interest was aroused by the latest discovery of a changed gene in obese mice.

​	英 [əʊˈbiːs]   美 [oʊˈbiːs] 

###### partial

​	`not complete or whole 部分的；不完全的`

> The partial skeletons of more than 20 dinosaurs and scattered bones of about 300 more have been discovered in Utah and Colorado at what is now the Dinosaur National Monument.

###### skeleton

​	`the structure of bones that supports the body of a person or an animal; a model of this structure 骨骼；骨架；骨骼标本`

> The partial skeletons of more than 20 dinosaurs and scattered bones of about 300 more have been discovered in Utah and Colorado at what is now the Dinosaur National Monument.

​	英 [ˈskelɪtn]   美 [ˈskelɪtn] 

###### scattered	

​	`spread far apart over a wide area or over a long period of time 分散的；零散的；疏落的`

> The partial skeletons of more than 20 dinosaurs and scattered bones of about 300 more have been discovered in Utah and Colorado at what is now the Dinosaur National Monument.

​	英 [ˈskætə(r)]   美 [ˈskætər] 

###### specimen

​	`a small amount of sth that shows what the rest of it is like 样品；样本；标本`

> Many of the best specimens may be seen today at museums of natural history in the larger cities of the United States and Canada.

​	英 [ˈspesɪmən]   美 [ˈspesɪmən] 

###### pit

​	`[可数名词] a large deep hole in the ground 深洞；深坑`

> This dinosaur pit is the largest and best preserved deposit of dinosaurs known today.

​	英 [pɪt]   美 [pɪt] 

###### herd

​	`a group of animals of the same type that live and feed together 兽群；牧群`

>a herd of cows/deer/elephants
>一群牛 / 鹿 / 象

​	英 [hɜːd]   美 [hɜːrd] 

###### graveyard

> The pit area is a large dinosaur graveyard(墓地), not a place where they died.

​	**grave	坟墓**

###### drown

​	`to die because you have been underwater too long and you cannot breathe; to kill sb in this way （使）淹死，溺死`

> Perhaps they drowned trying to cross a small stream or were washed away during floods.

​	英 [draʊn]   美 [draʊn] 

###### strand

​	`to make a boat, fish, whale , etc. be left on land and unable to return to the water 使搁浅`

> Others may have floated for miles before being stranded.

​	英 [strænd]   美 [strænd] 

###### recede

​	`to move gradually away from sb or away from a previous position 逐渐远离；渐渐远去`

> Their dead bodies float downstream until the flood recedes and leaves them stranded on the bar or shore where they die.
>
> The tide receded
>
> ​	潮水退去了

###### decay

​	`to be destroyed gradually by natural processes; to destroy sth in this way （使）腐烂，腐朽`

​	`synonym: rot`

> Their dead bodies float downstream until the flood recedes and leaves them stranded on the bar or shore where they die,half buried in the sand,until they decay.

​	英 [dɪˈkeɪ]   美 [dɪˈkeɪ] 

###### astonished

​	`~ (to find/hear/learn/see sth) | ~ (at/by sth/sb) | ~ (that…) very surprised 感到十分惊讶；吃惊`

​	`synonym:	amazed`

​	`root:astonish`

> They were astonished to hear that in most of the world throughout most of its history,families have been,three-or-four generations families,living under the same roof.

###### nursing home

​	`疗养院`

> Old people's nursing homes,even the best run,are filled with older people who believe the only thing they can do for their children is look cheerful when they come to visit.

