###### detrimental

###### indulge

###### loophole

###### contentious

​	`likely to cause disagreement between people 可能引起争论的`

> However this s a contentious theory and such claim have been treated skeptically by some scholars based on their reading of the relevant data.

​	英 [kənˈtenʃəs]   美 [kənˈtɛnʃəs] 

###### poetry

​	`诗的总称`

###### poem

> For thousands of years,a great deal of poems and drawings were created to praise peonies

###### mammal

​	`哺乳动物`

> You probably remember that humam infants are less developed physically than other mammals of the same age.

​	英 [ˈmæml]   美 [ˈmæml] 

###### clip

​	`[可数名词] a short part of a film/movie that is shown separately 电影片段`

> The study involved ordinary adults watching video clips of babies nine months or younger.

​	英 [klɪp]   美 [klɪp] 

###### discern

​	`to know, recognize or understand sth, especially sth that is not obvious 觉察出；识别；了解`

> The adult observers were able to reliably discern an assortment of emotions on the babies faces.

​	英 [dɪˈsɜːn]   美 [dɪˈsɜːrn] 

​	**perceive**

###### assortment

​	`N-COUNT An **assortment** is a group of similar things that are of different sizes or colours or have different qualities. 花色品种`

> The adult observers were able to reliably discern an assortment of emotions on the babies faces.

​	英 [əˈsɔːtmənt]   美 [əˈsɔːrtmənt] 

###### consensus

​	`[单数, 不可数名词] ~ (among sb) | ~ (about sth) | ~ (that…) an opinion that all members of a group agree with 一致的意见；共识`

> Don't be overly foused on gaining consensus.

​	英 [kənˈsensəs]   美 [kənˈsensəs] 

###### hamper

​	`[动词 + 名词短语][常用被动态] to prevent sb from easily doing or achieving sth 妨碍；阻止；阻碍`

​	`synonym hinder`

> This leads to building a brand of underconfident,subissive,low-impact non-leaders and hampers their growth and career advancement.

​	英 [ˈhæmpə(r)]   美 [ˈhæmpər] 

###### spotlight

​	`( also informal spot) [可数名词] a light with a single, very bright beam that can be directed at a particular place or person 聚光灯`

> Collaborative projects mean you're sharing the spotlight with others.

​	英 [ˈspɒtlaɪt]   美 [ˈspɑːtlaɪt] 

###### ditch

​	`[动词 + 名词短语](informal) to get rid of sth/sb because you no longer want or need it/them 摆脱；抛弃；丢弃`

> You certainly shouldn't ditch teamwork.

​	英 [dɪtʃ]   美 [dɪtʃ] 

###### hazard

​	`~ (to sb/sth) | ~ (of sth/of doing sth) a thing that can be dangerous or cause damage 危险；危害`

> You certainly shouldn't ditch teamwork, but how can you avoid the hazards of being an over-collaborator?

​	英 [ˈhæzəd]   美 [ˈhæzərd] 

