###### haze

​	`[单数] air containing sth that makes it difficult to see through it （烟尘等的）雾霭，烟雾`

> The persistent haze over many our cities is a reminder of the polluted air that we breathe

​	英 [heɪz]   美 [heɪz] 

###### prematurely

​	`happening before the normal or expected time 未成熟的；过早的；提前的`

> an estimated 4.5 million people died prematurely from outdoor air pollution in 2015.
>
> his premature death at the age of 37
> 	他37岁时早逝

​	英 ['premətʃə(r)lɪ]   美 [ˌpriməˈtjʊrlɪ] 

###### allowance

​	`the amount of sth that is allowed in a particular situation 限额；定量`

>The U.S. govermment 's recommended daily allowance (RDA) for the average adult is 50 to 60 gram of protein a day.

​	英 [əˈlaʊəns]   美 [əˈlaʊəns] 

###### gram

​	`克`

> The U.S. govermment 's recommended daily allowance (RDA) for the average adult is 50 to 60 gram of protein a day.

​	英 [ɡræm]   美 [ɡræm] 

###### rigorously

​	`demanding that particular rules, processes, etc. are strictly followed 严格的；严厉的`

> Whole foods are always the best option option rather than adding supplements,the says,noting the FDA doesn't regulate supplements as rigorously as food or drugs.

​	英 ['rɪɡərəslɪ]   美 [ˈrɪɡərəslɪ] 

###### warrant

​	`(formal) to make sth necessary or appropriate in a particular situation 使有必要；使正当；使恰当`

> But there are certain situations that do warrant extra protein.

​	英 [ˈwɒrənt]   美 [ˈwɔːrənt] 

###### vegan

​	`严格的素食主义者;`

> Vegans can benefit from protein supplements since they do not eat animal-based protein sources like meat,dairy or eggs.

​	英 [ˈvi:gən]   美 [ˈviɡən, ˈvɛdʒən] 

###### top

> Plum blossom tops the ten most famous flowers in China.

###### middle of winter

​	`隆冬`

​	**middle of summer	盛夏**

###### bloom

​	`开花`

> In the middle of winter, colorful plum blossom in spite of the cold, facing the snow proudly blooming

​	英 [bluːm]   美 [bluːm] 

###### brave

​	`[动词 + 名词短语] to have to deal with sth difficult or unpleasant in order to achieve sth 勇敢面对；冒（风险）；经受（困难`

> inspiring people to brave the hardships and forge ahead.

###### immortal

​	`famous and likely to be remembered for ever 流芳百世的；名垂千古的`

> Many poets got inspiration from plum blossom and created countless immortal works.

​	英 [ɪˈmɔːtl]   美 [ɪˈmɔːrtl] 

###### viable

​	`that can be done; that will be successful 可实施的；切实可行的`

> They said that after five more years of pay1ng my mortgage, then I would become a more viable candidate for a business loan.

​	英 /ˈvaɪəbl/ 

###### default

​	`~ (on sth)to fail to do sth that you legally have to do, especially by not paying a debt 违约；不履行义务（尤指不偿还债务）`

> They fear I will default on any business loan I am given

###### articulate

​	`[ *VN*] ( **formal** ) to express or explain your thoughts or feelings clearly in words 明确表达；清楚说明`

>They didn't really articulate any position regarding the actual business plan. .

​	英 [ɑːˈtɪkjuleɪt , ɑːˈtɪkjələt]   美 [ɑːrˈtɪkjuleɪt , ɑːrˈtɪkjələt] 

###### weed

> pull out weeds

###### flame

>flame weed killer
>
>​	火焰杀草

​	英 [fleɪm]   美 [fleɪm] 

###### seasoning

​	`[不可数名词, 可数名词] a substance used to add flavour to food, especially salt and pepper 调味品；作料`

> The roasted seasoning largely overpowered any other flavour,although there was slightly bitter afteraste.

​	**season**