###### pasta

​	`[ U] an Italian food made from flour, water and sometimes eggs, formed into different shapes and usually served with a sauce. It is hard when dry and soft when cooked. 意大利面食`

> Pasta is no longer off the menu, after a new review of studies suggested that the carbohydrate can form part of a healthy diet, and even help people lose weight.

​	英 /ˈpæstə/  美 /ˈpɑːstə/ 

###### carbohydrate

​	`碳水化合物`

> Pasta is no longer off the menu, after a new review of studies suggested that the carbohydrate can form part of a healthy diet, and even help people lose weight.

​	英 /ˌkɑːbəʊˈhaɪdreɪt/  美 /ˌkɑːrboʊˈhaɪdreɪt/ 

###### shooting up

​	`暴增`

> For years, nutritionists have recommended that pasta be kept to a minimum,to cut calories,prevent fat build-up and stop blood sugar shooting up.

###### champion

​	`[ *VN*] to fight for or speak in support of a group of people or a belief 为…而斗争；捍卫；声援`

> More recently the trend of swapping spaghetti(意大利面条) for vegetables has been championed by clean-eating experts.

###### lump

​	`[ *VN*] ~ A and B together~ A (in) with Bto put or consider different things together in the same group把…归并一起（或合起来考虑）`

> The reviewers found that pasta had been unfairly demonized (妖魔化) because it had been lumped in with other,more fat-promoting carbohydrate.
>
> You can't lump all Asian languages together. 你不能把所有的亚洲语言混为一谈。 

​	英 /lʌmp/  美 /lʌmp/ 

###### adverse

​	`不利的`

>In weighing the evidence,we can now say with some confidence that pasta does not have an adverse effect on body weight outcomes when it is consumed as part of a healthy dietary pattern.

###### brew

​	`酿造`

> That storm has been brewing for some time,and as it has reached gale force,most large retailers are searching for a response.

​	英 /bruː/  美 /bruː/ 

###### square

​	`ˈsquare sth with sthˈsquare with sth`

​	`to make two ideas, facts or situations agree or combine well with each other; to agree or be**consistent** with another idea, fact or situation （使）与…一致，与…相符`

> The turmoil on the ground in physical retail is hard to square with the Census data.
>
> The interests of farmers need to be squared with those of consumers. 农场主的利益需要同消费者的利益相一致

​	英 /skweə(r)/  美 /skwer/ 

###### do the trick

​	`获得成功`

> Or if reading or listening does the trick,maybe you feel like you're a "verbal learner"

###### slave away

​	`埋头苦干`

> We are unlikely to spend our last moments regretting that we didn't spend enough of our lives slaving away at work.

###### refined

​	`[ usually before noun] ( of a substance 物质 ) made pure by having other substances taken out of it精炼的；提纯的；精制的`

> Germany is known for its efficiency and refined engineering

​	英 /rɪˈfaɪnd/  美 /rɪˈfaɪnd/ 

###### plague

​	`vn`

​	`to cause pain or trouble to sb/sth over a period of time 给…造成长时间的痛苦（或麻烦）；困扰；折磨；使受煎熬`

> Plagued by long delays,perpetual mismanagement and ever-soaring costs,the airport has become something of a joke among Germans.

​	英 /pleɪɡ/  美 /pleɪɡ/ 

###### perpetual

​	`[ usually before noun] continuing for a long period of time without interruption 不间断的；持续的；长久的`

> Plagued by long delays,perpetual mismanagement and ever-soaring costs,the airport has become something of a joke among Germans.

​	英 /pəˈpetʃuəl/  美 /pərˈpetʃuəl/ 

###### escalator

​	`自动扶梯`

> escalator was too short

​	英 /ˈeskəleɪtə(r)/  美 /ˈeskəleɪtər/ 

​	**escalate**

###### compound

​	`vn`

​	`[ often passive] to make sth bad become even worse by causing further damage or problems 使加重；使恶化`

> To compound the delays,the unused airport is resulting in massive costs.

​	英 /ˈkɒmpaʊnd/  美 /ˈkɑːmpaʊnd/ 

###### drain

​	`[ sing.] a ~ on sb/stha thing that uses a lot of the time, money, etc. that could be used for sth else消耗；耗竭；耗费`

> But the still empty airport stands as the biggest embarrassment to Germany's reputation for efficiency and a contiuing drain on city and state resources.

​	英 /dreɪn/  美 /dreɪn/ 