###### in regard to

> China does house some of the most modern and largest cities in the world in regards to sheer human numbers
>
> ​	就人口数量而言，中国确实拥有一些世界上最现代化和最大的城市

###### safely

​	`有把握地`

> As a result, I can safely conclude that in the Zhenguan era of Tang Dynasty, and the first hundred years of Ming Dynasty, China was the most powerful country in the world.

###### wrap up

​	`[PHRASAL VERB ](javascript:;)If you **wrap up** something such as a job or an agreement, you complete it in a satisfactory way. 圆满完成 (工作); 达成 (协议)`

> We just wrapped up a project with a difficult client last week.

###### photography

​	`摄影`

> Recently,though,I turn my photography hobby into a small business.

​	英 /fəˈtɒɡrəfi/  美 /fəˈtɑːɡrəfi/ 

###### one step at a time

​	`一步一个脚印`

###### dormitory

​	`a room for several people to sleep in, especially in a school or other institution 集体宿舍；学生宿舍`

> Living in college dormitories,there are no parents to tell you to study harder or stop wasting time.

​	英 /ˈdɔːmətri/  美 /ˈdɔːrmətɔːri/ 

###### unorthodox

​	`different from what is usual or accepted 非正统的；非传统的；不正规的`

> Most successful people are unorthodox persons whose minds wander outside traditional ways of thinking.

​	英 /ʌnˈɔːθədɒks/  美 /ʌnˈɔːrθədɑːks/ 

###### wander

​	`to walk slowly around or to a place, often without any particular sense of purpose or direction 漫游；游荡；闲逛；徘徊；流浪；漂泊`

> Most successful people are unorthodox persons whose minds wander outside traditional ways of thinking.

​	英 /ˈwɒndə(r)/  美 /ˈwɑːndər/ 

###### refine

> Instead of trying to refine old formulas,they invent new ones.

###### crack of dawn

​	`破晓`

> At the crack of dawn he would run up the slopes with his skis on,an unbelievably backbreaking activity.

###### slope

​	`斜坡`

> At the crack of dawn he would run up the slopes with his skis on,an unbelievably backbreaking activity.

​	英 /sləʊp/  美 /sloʊp/

###### ski

​	`滑雪橇`

> At the crack of dawn he would run up the slopes with his skis on,an unbelievably backbreaking activity.

###### backbreaking

​	`adj. 非常辛劳的；费力的`

>At the crack of dawn he would run up the slopes with his skis on,an unbelievably backbreaking activity.

###### pole

​	`a long thin straight piece of wood or metal, especially one with the end placed in the ground, used as a support 柱子；杆子；棍；杖`

> He also used ski poles in an unorthodox way to propel himself as he skied.

​	英 /pəʊl/  美 /poʊl/ 

###### propel

​	`to move, drive or push sth forward or in a particular direction 推动；驱动；推进`

> He also used ski poles in an unorthodox way to propel himself as he skied.

​	英 /prəˈpel/  美 /prəˈpel/ 

###### explosive

​	`adj. 爆炸的；爆炸性的；爆发性的`

> The explosive new style helped cut Killy's racing time dramatically.

​	英 /ɪkˈspləʊsɪv; ɪkˈspləʊzɪv/  美 /ɪkˈsploʊsɪv,ɪkˈsploʊzɪv/ 

###### furry

​	`adj. 毛皮的；盖着毛皮的；似毛皮的`

> Scientific experiments have demonstrated incredible ways to kill a guinea pig, a smal furry animal.

​	英 /ˈfɜːri/  美 /ˈfɜːri/ 

###### upset

> Emotional upsets generate powerful and deadly toxic substances

###### split second

​	`一刹那；极快的`

> Every thought that you have affects your body chemistry within a split second.