###### fracture

​	`[ C] a break in a bone or other hard material （指状态）骨折，断裂，折断，破裂`

> Now,though,a novel type of steel has been developed that resists fractures at much lower temperatures,while retaining its strength and toughness-without the need for expensive additives.

​	英 /ˈfræktʃə(r)/  美 /ˈfræktʃər/

###### crack

> But the steel shells of hundreds of the ships cracked in the icy north Atlantic,and 12 broke in half and sank.

###### content

​	`[ sing.] ( following a noun 用于名词后 ) the amount of a substance that is contained in sth else 含量；容量`

> The resulting steel appears to achieve a combination of strength and toughness that is compareable to that of modem steels that are very rich in alloy content(合金含量) and, therefore, very expensive.
>
> How is the protein content in milk?

###### hollow

​	`having a hole or empty space inside 中空的；空心的`

> They hope to reduce both the number of components needed in a construction job and their weight-by replacing solid supports with hollow tubes.

​	英 /ˈhɒləʊ/  美 /ˈhɑːloʊ/ 

###### liable

​	`~ to do sthlikely to do sth 可能（做某事`

​	`adj. 有责任的，有义务的；应受罚的；有…倾向的；易…的`

> Indeed,when the expert pays attention to the mechanics,this is liable to disrupt performance.

​	英 /ˈlaɪəbl/  美 /ˈlaɪəbl/ 

###### top up

​	`加满；充值`

> Every summer,when I top up my selection of summer outfits from the department stores,my eyes would nearly pop out of my head

###### overwhelmed

​	`[V-T ](javascript:;)If you **are overwhelmed** **by** a feeling or event, it affects you very strongly, and you do not know how to deal with it. (强烈地影响而) 使不知所措`

> I'm overwhelmed with a wide range of different slimming products each year.

​	英 /,əʊvə'welmd/  美 /,ovɚ'wɛlmd/ 

###### go on and on

>At the dinner table, my father would go on and on, showing off, aggrandizing himself. 
>
>​	吃饭时我父亲总是不停地夸耀和吹嘘自己。

###### slim

​	`[ *V*] ( **BrE** ) ( usually used in the progressive tenses 通常用于进行时 ) to try to become thinner, for example by eating less （靠节食等）变苗条，减肥`

> I'm overwhelmed with a wide range of different slimming products each year.

​	英 /slɪm/  美 /slɪm/ 

###### tan

​	`[ *V**VN*] if a person or their skin **tans** or is **tanned** , they become brown as a result of spending time in the sun （使）晒成褐色，晒黑`

> Asian women prefer to avoid the sun,because being pale or white is considered beautiful,whereas a tanned complexion is considered much more beautiful and sexy in the West.

​	英 /tæn/  美 /tæn/ 

###### ape

​	`猿猴`

>As a zoologist focusing on the studies' of apes and monkeys, I've been studying why humans evolved to become: the naked ape and why skin comes in so many different shades around the world. 

​	英 /eɪp/  美 /eɪp/  

###### naked

​	`not wearing any clothes 裸体的；裸露的；不穿衣服的`

> As a zoologist focusing on the studies' of apes and monkeys, I've been studying why humans evolved to become: the naked ape and why skin comes in so many different shades around the world. 

​	英 /ˈneɪkɪd/  美 /ˈneɪkɪd/ 

###### coat

​	`n. 外套`

> they almost lost their coat of fur.

###### fur

​	`皮毛`

> they almost lost their coat of fur.

​	英 /fɜː(r)/  美 /fɜːr/ 

###### patch

​	`a small piece of material that is used to cover a hole in sth or to make a weak area stronger, or as decoration 补丁；补块`

> Today we have a few patches of hair remaining on various parts of our bodies.

​	英 /pætʃ/  美 /pætʃ/ 

###### sweat

​	`when you **sweat** , drops of liquid appear on the surface of your skin, for example when you are hot, ill/sick or afraid 出汗；流汗`

> We can't really lose heat by breathing quickly and loudly like dogs.We have to do it by sweating.

​	英 /swet/  美 /swet/

###### dispersal

​	`[ UC] ( **formal** ) the process of sending sb/sth in different directions; the process of spreading sth over a wide area 分散；疏散；散布`

> What we see today is the product of evolutionary events resulting from the dispersal of a few human populations out of Africa around 60,000 to 70,000 years ago.

###### disperse

​	`to move apart and go away in different directions; to make sb/sth do this （使）分散，散开；疏散；驱散`

> These early ancestors of modern Eurasians dispersed into parts of the world.

​	英 /dɪˈspɜːs/  美 /dɪˈspɜːrs/ 