###### repute

​	`据说，可能不是真的`

> The women reputed for writing it was one of America's most fascinating characters.

###### supposed

​	`假定的，注意俚语和正式语`

###### punctuality

> Compared to aircraft,the prominent advantage of high-speed railway is punctuality

###### prefered

> Today, it has become the preferred means of transportation for many people's business trips

###### steep-sided

​	`陡峭的`

>In the rusty red deserts of South Africa,steep-sided rocky hills called inselbergs rear up from the plains like the bones of the earth.

###### rear up

​	`暴跳`

​	`rear:马用后脚站立`

> In the rusty red deserts of South Africa,steep-sided rocky hills called inselbergs rear up from the plains like the bones of the earth.

###### scrape

​	`to remove sth from a surface by moving sth sharp and hard like a knife across it 刮掉；削去`

> The hills are remnants of an earlier geological era,scraped bare of most soil and exposed to the elements.

​	英 /skreɪp/  美 /skreɪp/

###### ever-changing

​	`adj. 千变万化的；常变的`

> Yet on these and similar formations in deserts around the world,a few fierce plants have apapted to endure under ever-changing conditions.

###### wither

​	`凋谢`

>They wither,shrink and contract until they look like a pile of dead gray leaves.

​	英 /ˈwɪðə(r)/  美 /ˈwɪðər/

​	**shrink**

​	**contract**

###### in a matter of

​	`大约只不过在...之内`

> Railfall can revive them in a matter of hours

###### tape

​	`[ U] a long narrow strip of **magnetic** material that is used for recording sounds, pictures or information 磁带；录音带；录像带`

> Her time-lapse videos of the revivals look like someone playing a tape of the plant's death in reverse.

​	英 /teɪp/  美 /teɪp/

###### robust

​	`健壮的`

> She was almost 90, but still very robust. 她将近90岁了，但身体仍然十分强健

​	英 /rəʊˈbʌst/  美 /roʊˈbʌst/