## 10.09

###### combat

> for its efforts to combat(战斗) hunger

###### decade

> In only two decades Asian Americans have become the fastest-growing U.S. minority (少数民族)

###### emerge

> it became clear that a new class of academic achievers was emerging

###### achieve

**achiever**

**achievement**

######  mathematics

> Their achievements are reflected in the nation’s best universities, where mathematics, science and engineering departments have taken on a decidedly Asian character.

###### decidedly

> Their achievements are reflected in the nation’s best universities, where mathematics, science and engineering departments have taken on a decidedly(明确地) Asian character.

###### character

> Their achievements are reflected in the nation’s best universities, where mathematics, science and engineering departments have taken on a decidedly Asian character.

###### take on

> 呈现(sb)

###### owe

> 

###### breed

> Asian parents spend more time with their children than American parents do, and it helps. Many researchers also believe there is something in Asian Culture that breeds success,

###### stress

> Many researchers also believe there is something in Asian Culture that breeds success, such ideals that stress family values and emphasize education.

######  emphasize 

> Many researchers also believe there is something in Asian Culture that breeds success, such ideals that stress family values and emphasize education.

###### victim

> Many can remember when Chinese, Japanese and Filipino immigrants (移民) were the victims of social isolation.

###### ideal

> let us face the reality ,so that we are committed to our ideal
>
> Many researchers also believe there is something in Asian Culture that breeds success, such ideals that stress family values and emphasize education.

###### committed



###### tone

>  The author’s tone in this passage is ________.
> 	A) sympathetic
> 	B) doubtful
> 	C) critical
> 	D) objective



######  tremendous 

> While making tremendous achievements at college, Asian-American students ________. 
>
> ​	A) feel they are mistreated because of limited knowledge of English
> ​	B) are afraid that their academic successes bear a strong Asian character
> ​	C) still worry about unfair treatment in society
> ​	D) generally feel it a shame to have to depend on their parents

​	英 [trəˈmendəs]   美 [trɪˈmɛndəs] 

​	adj.  极大的，巨大的; 可怕的，惊人的; 极好的;



###### bear

> are afraid that their academic successes bear(具有) a strong Asian character



###### shame

> generally feel it a shame to have to depend on their parents