## 10.10

###### contrary

> Quite the contrary

###### quite the contrary

​	adv.  正相反;

###### undergo

> Quite the contrary, just as the cook has to undergo an intensive training, mastering the skills of his trade, the writer must sit at his desk and devote long hours to achieving a style in his writing, whatever its purpose-schoolwork, matters of business, or purely social communication.

###### intensive

> Quite the contrary, just as the cook has to undergo an intensive training

###### devote

> the writer must sit at his desk and devote long hours to achieving a style in his writing

###### purely

> purely social communication(纯粹的社交活动)

**pure**

###### reward

> You may be sure that the more painstaking the effort, the more effective the writing, and the more rewarding.

###### painstaking

> You may be sure that the more painstaking the effort, the more effective the writing, and the more rewarding.
>
> She is not clever,but she is painstaking

###### scribe

> There are still some remote places in the world where you might find a public scribe to do your business or social writing for you, for a fee.

###### fee

> for a fee

###### take care of

>  There are a few managers who are
> lucky enough to have the service of that rate kind of secretary who can take care of all
> sorts of letter writing with no more than a quick note to work from. But for most of us, if
> there is any writing to be done, we have to do it ourselves.

###### constantly

> We are constantly called on to put words to paper

​	英 [ˈkɒnstəntli]   美 [ˈkɑnstəntli] 

​	adv.  不断地，时常地; 始终; 一直;



######  enormous

>  It would be difficult to count the number of such words,
> messages, letters, and reports put into the mails or delivered by hand, but the daily figure
> must be enormous

​	英 [ɪˈnɔ:məs]   美 [ɪˈnɔrməs] 

​	adj.  巨大的; 庞大的; 极恶的; 凶暴的;



###### criticize

> The purpose of the author in writing this passage is ________.
> 	A) to explain and persuade
> 	B) to comment and criticize
> 	C) to interest and entertain
> 	D) to argue and demonstrate

###### cyclic 

###### barrier

###### nurse

**nursing**

> Nursing at Beth Israel Hospital produces the best patient care possible

###### patient

> At Beth Israel each patient is assigned to a primary nurse who visits at length with the patient and constructs a full-scale health account that covers everything from his medical history to his emotional state



###### hire

> There are nurse-managers instead
> of head nurses; in addition to their medical duties they do all their own hiring and
> dismissing, employee advising, and they make salary recommendations. Each unit’s
> nurses decide among themselves who will work what shifts and when.

###### dismiss

> There are nurse-managers instead
> of head nurses; in addition to their medical duties they do all their own hiring and
> **dismissing**, employee advising, and they make salary recommendations. Each unit’s
> nurses decide among themselves who will work what shifts and when.

######  shifts

###### vice

> Beth Israel’s nurse-in-chief ranks as an equal with other vice presidents of the hospital



###### neutral

> The author’s attitude towards the nurse system at Beth Israel Hospital is ________.
> 	A) negative
> 	B) critical
> 	C) neutral
> 	D) positive



###### at length

> At Beth Israel each patient is assigned to a primary nurse who visits at length with the patient

​	充分地; 详尽地; 最后; 终于;

###### snap out of it

​	<美俚>突然摆脱某种不好的状态，变更办法，（尤指）停止抱怨[忧虑，悲伤等]而迅速振作起来

###### For some time past

> For some time past it has been widely accepted that babies-and other creatures-learn
> to do things because certain acts lead to “rewards”; and there is no reason to doubt that
> this is true.



###### comfort

> In other words, a baby would learn if he got food or drink of some sort of physical comfort, not otherwise.

###### some sort of

> In other words, a baby would learn if he got food or drink of some sort of physical comfort, not otherwise.

###### complex

> A display of lights-and indeed that they were
> capable of learning quite complex turns to bring about this result, for instance, two left or
> two right, or even to make as many three turns to one side

​	英 [ˈkɒmpleks]   美 [kəmˈpleks]  

​	adj.  复杂的; 难懂的; 复合的;

​	n.  建筑群; 相关联的一组事物; 情结; 不正常的忧虑;
​	变形 复数: complexes



###### bring about

> A display of lights-and indeed that they were capable of learning quite complex turns to bring about this result, for instance, two left or two right, or even to make as many three turns to one side



###### make sense of

> that there exists a fundamental human urge to make sense of the world and bring it under intentional control

​	v.  搞清…的意思;



​	**urge**

​		英 [ɜ:dʒ]   美 [ɜrdʒ] 

​			vt.  催促; 推进，驱策; 力劝，规劝; 极力主张;

​		n.  刺激，冲动; 推动力;
​		vi.  催促; 强烈要求，竭力主张;
​		变形 过去分词: urged 复数: urges 过去式: urged 现在分词: urging 第三人称单数: urges

​	**intentional**

​	**intent**

​	**intended**

​	**intentional**

######  outcome

> 结果

​	**income**