## 11.02

###### precise

> That precise information is beyond even the calculations of scientists and their computers

###### scatter

> The best they can tell us is that the space station, weighing 77 tons and as high as a
> 12 story building, will break into hundreds of pieces that will be scattered across a track
> 100 miles wide and 4,000 miles long.

​	**scatter across	分散在各处**

###### break into

> 打断; 闯入; 突然做; 把…分成;

###### adventure

> We are again exposed to one of those unexpected adventures, or misadventures

###### misadventure

> We are again exposed to one of those unexpected adventures, or **misadventures(运气不佳的遭遇)**

###### crash

> if they crash on land they will dig holes up to 100 feet deep

###### hole

> 洞穴

###### in spite of

>  That accident took place in 1979 in spite of(虽然) what the officials had assured us as to the safely of the nuclear reactor

###### assure

>  That accident took place in 1979 in spite of(虽然) what the officials had assured(保证) us as to the safely of the nuclear reactor

###### incident

> According to the passage, what does an **incident** such as the failed Skylab lead us to do?
> 	A) Not to believe in officials.
> 	B) To think about our future.
> 	C) Has been predicted by scientists.
> 	D) To fear for our lives



######  stretch

> if three crashes occur in a year, the period of time is stretched(被拉伸了，拉长了)



###### stem from

> Such beliefs **stem from(源于)** the tendency of people to allow the third event to define the time period

###### tendency

> Such beliefs stem from(源于) the tendency(倾向) of people to allow the third event to define the time period



######  majority 

> A **majority** of people(大多数人) think they are more intelligent, more fair-minded and more skilled behind the wheel of an automobile than the average person

​	英 [məˈdʒɒrəti]   美 [məˈdʒɔrəti] 

​	n.  多数; （获胜的）票数; 成年; 法定年龄;

​	变形 复数: majorities



######  automobile

> A majority of people think they are more intelligent, more fair-minded and more skilled behind the wheel of an **automobile**
> than the average person



###### criteria

> Part of the reason we view ourselves so favorably is that we use **criteria(标准)** that work to our advantage



###### economist

> As **economist(经济学家)** Thomas Schelling explains, “Everybody ranks himself high in qualities he values
>
> ​	正如经济学家托马斯·谢林(ThomasSchelling)所解释的，“每个人都在他所珍视的品质上名列前茅 



###### talent

> It has been thought and said that Africans are born with musical talent

###### incline

> we are inclined to think that Africans are musicians



###### strengthen

> The impression is strengthened when we look at ourselves and find that we have become largely a
> society of musical spectators

######  distinguish 

> In most situations where music is performed in our culture it is not difficult to distinguish the audience from the
> performers



###### promising

> adj.  有前途的; 有希望的; 光明; 有为;





###### exceed

> Most people would agree that, although our age exceeds all previous ages in knowledge, there has been no corresponding increase in wisdom

###### promote

> But Agreement ceases as soon as we attempt to define “wisdom” and consider means of promoting it.

###### take account of

> the capacity to take account of all the important factors in a problem and to attach to each its due weight

###### agreement

> But Agreement ceases as soon as we attempt to define “wisdom” and consider means of promoting it.

###### disagreement

> Disagreement arises when people try to decide ________.
> 	A) how much more wisdom we have now than before
> 	B) what wisdom is and how to develop it
> 	C) if there is a great increase of wisdom in our age
> 	D) whether wisdom can be developed or not

###### due

> the capacity to take account of all the important factors in a problem and to attach to each its **due weight(适当的权重)**
>
> It is due(这过期了)
>
> He is due to face a court-martial on drugs charges.  
> 	他将因毒品交易的指控受到军法审判。



###### technician

> This has become more difficult than it used to be owing to the extent and complexity of the special knowledge required of various kinds of technicians

###### complexity	

> This has become more difficult than it used to be owing to the extent and complexity of the special knowledge required of various kinds of technicians

###### engage

> Suppose, for example, that you are engaged(参与) in research in scientific medicine
>
> You can engage(参与) in croquet on the south lawn.  
> 	你可以参加南边草坪上的槌球游戏。
>
> He had been able to engage(雇佣) some staff.  
> 	他已经能够雇用一些员工
>
> It could engage(进攻) the enemy beyond the range of hostile torpedoes.  
> 	从这可以避开敌方鱼雷区对敌人发动进攻
>
> Can you engage(担保) that all his statements are trustworthy?  
> 	你能担保他的话都可靠 吗 

###### absorb

> The work is difficult and is likely to absorb(吞并) the whole of your mind
>
> The material can absorb outward-going radiation from the Earth.  
> 	该物质可以吸收地球向外辐射的能量。
>
> The banks would be forced to absorb large losses.  
> 	银行将被迫承受巨大的损失。

###### enormously 

> You succeed (let us say) as modern medicine has succeeded, in enormously lowering the infant death-rate

###### infant

> You succeed (let us say) as modern medicine has succeeded, in enormously lowering the **infant death-rate(婴儿死亡率)**

###### adequate

​	**inadequate**

> This has the entirely unintended result of making the food supply **inadequate(不充足的)** and lowing the standard of life in the parts of the world that have the greatest populations

######  dramatic 

> To take an even more dramatic example
>
> ​	再举一个更加戏剧性的例子

###### by chance

>  you study the makeup of the atom from a disinterested (无利害关系的) desire for knowledge, and **by chance(偶尔)** place in the hands of a powerful mad man the means of destroying the human race

###### place	

>  you study the makeup of the atom from a disinterested (无利害关系的) desire for knowledge, and **by chance(偶尔)** **place(放置)** in the hands of a powerful mad man the means of destroying the human race

###### arise

> Disagreement **arises(出现)** when people try to decide ________.
> 	A) how much more wisdom we have now than before
> 	B) what wisdom is and how to develop it
> 	C) if there is a great increase of wisdom in our age
> 	D) whether wisdom can be developed or not

######  illustrate 

> The author uses the examples in the passage to **illustrate(解释)** his point that ________.
> 	A) it’s extremely difficult to consider all the important elements in problem
> 	B) success in medical research has its negative effects
> 	C) scientists may unknowingly cause destruction to the human race

​	**explain**

###### in proportion

> Wisdom increases **in proportion(成正比)** to one’s age

###### disastrous

> Any increase of knowledge could lead to **disastrous(灾难性的)** results without the guidance of wisdom

######  guidance

> 指引