## 11.09

###### contemporary

> The elders of contemporary(现代的，当代的) Americans ________.
> 	A) were often absent when a family member was born or dying
> 	B) were quite unfamiliar with birth and death
> 	C) usually witnessed(作证) the birth or death of a family member
> 	D) had often experienced the fear of death as part of life



###### luggage

> You can choose your luggage(行李) bag of any size and color from these ones

###### minus

> In theory,the minimum temperature is minus(负的) 273.15 degrees Celsius

###### degree

> In theory,the minimum temperature is minus(负的) 273.15 degrees(度) Celsius

​	**学位**

###### Celsius

> In theory,the minimum temperature is minus(负的) 273.15 degrees(度) Celsius(摄氏度)

###### clinical

> The new drug is undergoing clinical(临床的) trials

###### trial

> The new drug is undergoing clinical trials(试验)

​	**trail	n.  踪迹; 小路; v.  拖; 磨蹭; 比赛失利; 蔓生;**



###### gradually

> Gradually(渐渐地),he becomes stronger and stronger

###### constituent

> France is a constituent(组成的，有选举权的) country of the EU

​	**constitute	v.组成**

​	**consist	v.组成	**

​	constitute和consist的区别:

​		A whole consists of parts, the parts constitute the whole.  

​			整体由部分组成, 部分构成整体.

​	**constituency	n.选区，支持者，选民**

###### sprout

> As the spring comes,the seed begins to sprout(发芽) 	

###### sniff

> The girl leaned over to sniff(嗅) the purple flower

​	**smell**

​	**small**

​	**smile**



###### complementary

> These two people are complementary to each other .They are a  perfect match

###### ancient

> Soldiers rode in chariots on the battlefield in the ancient(古代的) times

​	**ancient times	古时候**

###### excerpt

> This is an excerpt from a novel.  
> 	这是一部小说的摘录

###### axe

> This stone axe is a relic of ancient times.  
> 	这石斧是古代的遗物

###### relic

> This stone axe is a relic of ancient times.  
> 	这石斧是古代的遗物



###### take ... for granted

> we all take this ability for granted
>
> ​	我们把这个能力看成理所应当

###### tell

> We also tell(区分) people apart by how they behave

###### apart

> We also tell(区分) people apart(adv.分开的) by how they behave

###### considerate

> you might begin to think about someone who was kind considerate(体贴的), friendly, warm, and so forth

###### worm

> bookworms

###### conservative

> Bookworms, conservatives, military types-people are described with such terms

###### facial

> people differ from each other in facial(面部的) features

###### marvelous

> Statuses are marvelous(非凡的，不可思议的) human inventions

###### rack

> we tend to be limited to what the stores have on their racks(商品架)

###### appraisal

> This means that we fit our actions to those of other people based on a constant mental process of appraisal(评估) and interpretation

​	**appraise	v.  评价; 评估，打量;**

###### involvement

######  appreciation

######  assessment

​	**assess	v.  评估; 估价; 估算;**

######  presentation



> The word “appraisal” (Line 5, Para. 2) most probably means “________”.
> 	A) involvement(参与)
>
> ​	B) appreciation(欣赏)
>
> ​	C) assessment(评价)
>
> ​	D) presentation(提交)