## 11.29 Sunday

###### industry

> Where there is no desire,there will be no industry(勤奋)
>
> ​	哪里没有欲望，哪里就没有勤奋

###### immigrant

> According to the passage, immigrants(移民) choose to settle(定居) in the U.S., dreaming that ________. 
>
> ​	A) they can start profitable businesses there
> ​	B) they can be more competitive in business
> ​	C) they will make a fortune overnight there
> ​	D) they will find better chances of employment	

​	英 [ˈɪmɪgrənt]   美 [ˈɪmɪɡrənt] 

###### glimpse

> A brief glimpse(一撇) at a daily newspaper vividly shows how much people in the United States think about business

​	英 [glɪmps]   美 [ɡlɪmps] 	

​	n.  一瞥，一看; （古语）闪光; 隐约的闪现; 模糊的感觉;

​	vi.  瞥见;
​	变形 过去分词: glimpsed 复数: glimpses 过去式: glimpsed 现在分词: glimpsing 第三人称单数: glimpses

###### vividly

> A brief glimpse(一撇) at a daily newspaper vividly(生动地) shows how much people in the United States think about business

######  finance

> For example, nearly every newspaper has a business section, in which the deals and projects, finances(财政) and management

​	英 [ˈfaɪnæns]   美 [fəˈnæns, faɪ-, ˈfaɪˌnæns] 

​	n.  财政; 金融; 财源; 资金;

​	vt.  为…供给资金， 从事金融活动; 赊货给…; 掌握财政;
​	变形 过去分词: financed 过去式: financed 现在分词: financing 第三人称单数: finances



###### federal

> Most national news has an important financial(财政的) aspect to it. Welfare, foreign aid, the federal(联邦的) budget

###### budget

> Most national news has an important financial(财政的) aspect to it. Welfare, foreign aid, the federal(联邦的) budget(预算)

###### for a while

> We stared at you for a while
>
> ​	我们盯了你一会儿

###### for the time being

> I can't repay you for the time being
>
> ​	我暂时还还不了你钱

###### fortnight

> Professor Smith recently persuaded 35 people, 23 of them women, to keep a diary of all their absent-minded actions for a fortnight(两星期，十四天)

###### 2003-6-2

> Nor(也不是) did the lapses appear to be entirely random
>
> ​	这些差错也不是完全随机的

> One of the women, for instance, on leaving her house for work one morning threw her dog her earrings and tried to fix a dog biscuit on her ear
>
> ​	把耳环当成狗饼干扔给了狗

###### for instance

> One of the women, for instance(例如), on leaving her house for work one morning threw her dog her earrings and tried to fix a dog biscuit on her ear

###### mood

> And exercise releases hormones that can improve mood(心情) and relieve stress, which can also help learning.

###### ill-bred

> What would we think of a person who invades our personal space according to the author?
> 	A)They are aggressive.                     	B)They are outgoing.
> 	C)They are ignorant.                       	D)They are ill-bred.(没有教养的)
>
> ​	跟别人说话他说道你的私人事情，你会认为他是没有教养的

###### moderate

> Why do some people live to be older than others? You know the standard explanations: keeping a moderate(有节制的) diet, engaging in regular exercise, etc.

###### fossil

> The fossil(化石) hall,which displays some of the world's oldest and largest fossil specimens,receives more than 2 million visitors each year

###### hall

> The fossil(化石) hall(展厅),which displays some of the world's oldest and largest fossil specimens,receives more than 2 million visitors each year

​	英 [hɔ:l]   美 [hɔl] 

​	n.  过道，走廊; 大厅，前厅; 娱乐中心，会所;

​	变形 复数: halls

###### specimen

> The fossil(化石) hall(展厅),which displays some of the world's oldest and largest fossil specimens(样品),receives more than 2 million visitors each year

###### in the meantime

> In the meantime(同时),the current collection will be closed. However,visitors will be compensated during the closure. Museum's special exhibition area will be free of charge now

###### compensate

> In the meantime,the current collection will be closed. However,visitors will be compensated(补偿) during the closure. Museum's special exhibition area will be free of charge now

###### deliver

> The birds will be encouraged to clean the park through the use of a small box that delivers(交付[因为鸟是啄回了垃圾，一手交垃圾，一手交食物]) a small amount of bird food each time the rook deposit a cigarette end or a small piece of rubbish

###### deposit

> The birds will be encouraged to clean the park through the use of a small box that delivers(交付[因为鸟是啄回了垃圾，一手交垃圾，一手交食物]) a small amount of bird food each time the rook deposit(存储) a cigarette end or a small piece of rubbish

###### documentary

> So,just be clear,will the show's format be like that of a documentary(纪录片)?

###### awful

> I feel awful(糟糕的) whenever I make a mistake in whatever I'm trying to do.

###### miserable

> I always feel down when I see others accomplishing things and I feel miserable(痛苦的) about my own achievements .I'm always trying to be as good as others,but I never seem to get there.

###### substance

> These microplastics included a substance(物质) commonly known as PET and widely used in the manufacture of clothing and food and liquid container 

