## 11.30	Monday

###### authenticate

> 认证

​	**authentication**

###### authorize

> 授权

​	**authorization**

###### comprehensive

> Spring Security provides comprehensive(广泛的) support for [authentication](https://docs.spring.io/spring-security/site/docs/5.4.1/reference/html5/#authentication), authorization, and protection against [common exploits](https://docs.spring.io/spring-security/site/docs/5.4.1/reference/html5/#exploits)
>
> The Rough Guide to Nepal is a comprehensive guide to the region.  
> 	《尼泊尔概况》是一本全面介绍该地区的旅游指南。

​	英 [ˌkɒmprɪˈhensɪv]   美 [ˌkɑːmprɪˈhensɪv] 

​	adj.  全面的; 综合性的;

​	n.  （英国的公立性）综合中学;
​	变形 复数: comprehensives

###### breach

> This meant that the system only needed to store the one way hash of the password. If a breach(违反，破坏，缺口) occurred, then only the one way hashes of the passwords were exposed

**branch**



###### flavor

> The method for making beer has changed over time. Hops (啤酒花)，for example, which give many a modem beer its bitter flavor(味道), are a relatively recent addition to the beverage

###### beverage

> The method for making beer has changed over time. Hops (啤酒花)，for example, which give many a modem beer its bitter flavor, are a relatively recent addition to the beverage(饮料)

###### brew

> This was first mentioned in reference to brewing(酿造) in the ninth century.

###### ingredient

> Now, researchers have found a surprising ingredient(成分) in residue (残留物） from 5,000-year-old beer brewing equipment.

###### pit

> While digging two pits(井) at a site in the central plains of China, scientists discovered fragments from pots and vessels

###### site

> While digging two pits(井) at a site(地点) in the central plains of China, scientists discovered fragments from pots and vessels

###### plain

> While digging two pits(井) at a site(地点) in the central plains(平原) of China, scientists discovered fragments from pots and vessels

###### cereal	

> The majority of the grains, about 80%, were from cereal(谷类植物) crops like barley (大麦),and about 10% were bits of roots, including lily(百合花), which would have made the beer sweeter, the scientists say

​	英 [ˈsɪəriəl]   美 [ˈsɪriəl]  

###### staple

> Barley was an unexpected find: the crop was domesticated in Western Eurasia and didn't become a staple(基本的) food in central China until about 2,000 years ago, according to the researchers

​	英 [ˈsteɪpl]   美 [ˈstepəl] 

​	

###### pilot

> “In fact, there is almost no hard evidence for midlife crisis other than a few small pilot(实验性的) studies conducted decades ago,”
>
> ​	没有证据表明中年危机让人低落

###### other than

> “In fact, there is almost no hard evidence for midlife crisis other than(除了) a few small pilot(实验性的) studies conducted decades ago,”

###### bulk

> The vast bulk(大量) of the research shows that there may be a pause, or a shifting of gears in the 40s or 50s, but this shift “can be exciting, rather than terrifying”.

​	**bulk up**

>  Load up on the protein bulk up and build your muscles!  
> 		吸收丰富的蛋白质,才能塑造你的肌肉!

###### gear

> The vast bulk(大量) of the research shows that there may be a pause, or a shifting of gears(车速档) in the 40s or 50s, but this shift “can be exciting, rather than terrifying”.

###### routine

> They break routines(打破常规), because “autopilot(自动驾驶) is death”.

​	英 [ru:ˈti:n]   美 [ruˈtin]  

​	n.  常规; 例行程序; 生活乏味; （演出中的）一套动作;

​	adj.  例行的; 常规的; 日常的; 普通的;
​	变形 复数: routines

###### purpose

> They choose purpose over happiness一having a clear sense of purpose even reduces the risk of Alzheimer’s disease

###### gloomy



###### precisely

> Karl Barth described midlife precisely(恰好的) this way.

​	英 [prɪˈsaɪsli]   美 [prɪˈsaɪsli] 

​	adv.  精确地; 恰好地; 严谨地，严格地; 一丝不苟地;

###### sow

> At middle age, he wrote, “the sowing(播种) is behind; now is the time to reap. 

###### reap

> At middle age, he wrote, “the sowing is behind; now is the time to reap(收割). 

###### leap

> The run has been taken; now is the time to leap(跳跃)

###### venture

> Preparation has been made; now is the time for the venture(冒险) of the work itself

###### haste

> The middle-aged person, Barth continued, can see death in the distance, but moves with a “measured(缓慢有节奏的) haste(匆忙)” to get big new things done while there is still time.

###### truer

> What Barth wrote decades ago is even truer(更真的，更确实的) today
>
>  You've never said a truer word.  
> 	你说的真好

​	**true**

###### descent

> What could have been considered the beginning of a descent(下降) is now a potential turning point—the turning point you are most equipped to take full advantage of

​	**descend**

​	**decline**

###### rosy

> 48.How is midlife pictured in the book Life Reimagined?
> 	A) It can be quite rosy(玫瑰色的，美妙的).	B) It can be burdensome.
> 	C) It undergoes radical transformation.	D) It makes for the best part of one’s life.

###### burdensome

> 48.How is midlife pictured in the book Life Reimagined?
> 	A) It can be quite rosy(玫瑰色的，美妙的).	B) It can be burdensome(繁重的).
> 	C) It undergoes radical transformation.	D) It makes for the best part of one’s life.

###### radical

> 48.How is midlife pictured in the book Life Reimagined?
> 	A) It can be quite rosy(玫瑰色的，美妙的).	B) It can be burdensome(繁重的).
> 	C) It undergoes radical(根本的) transformation.	D) It makes for the best part of one’s life.

​	英 [ˈrædɪkl]   美 [ˈrædɪkəl,'rædɪkḷ]  

​	adj.  根本的，基本的; 激进的; 彻底的; [植]根生的;

​	n.  激进分子; 根基，原子团; [数学]根数;
​	变形 复数: radicals

###### mature

> According to Karl Barth, midlife is the time_______.
> 	A) to relax	B) to mature(成熟)
> 	C) to harvest	D) to reflect

​	英 [məˈtʃʊə(r)]   美 [məˈtʃʊr] 

​	adj.  （人、树木、鸟或动物）成熟的; 仔细考虑过的; 到期（应该支付）的; 成年人的;

​	vi.  成熟，长成; （票据等）到期;
​	vt.  使…成熟; 使…长成; 慎重拟定（计划等）;
​	变形 过去分词: matured 过去式: matured 现在分词: maturing 第三人称单数: matures