## 2.03	Tuesday

Gains Today

> deligent industrious
>
> think deem
>
> triumph victory
>
> however nevertheless
>
> despite in spite of although though
>
> immense enormous tremendous
>
> automatic autonomous
>
> strange odd weird and bizarre
>
> ​	*Weird* has supernatural, ghostly, and otherworldly connotations. *Bizarre* has meanings of unconventional, outlandish, or eccentric. Something odd is something that may merely be out of place. Something strange has a further connotation of being out of place but also being surprisingly so, unexpected, or inexplicable.

###### fantasy

> You probably hear a lot less about self-driving cars than you did a few years ago, and the prospect of safely dozing off behind the wheel on long drives remains a distant fantasy(幻想，白日梦)

###### conspire

​	`~ against sb/sth~ to do sth( of events 事件 ) to seem to work together to make sth bad happen 似乎共同导致（不良后果）`

> Why the radio silence? There are a lot of knotty problems to solve that are conspiring(共谋) to delay the arrival of the technology — in fact, answers to these problems may redefine how self-driving cars will work.
>
> **Circumstances had conspired against** them. 各种情况都凑在一起和他们作对

###### situate

​	`V-T If you **situate** something such as an idea or fact in a particular context, you relate it to that context, especially in order to understand it better. 使处于 [正式]`

> Autonomous cars create and maintain a map of their surroundings based on a variety of sensors situated(位于) in different parts of the vehicle.
>
> They are trying to decide where to situate the hospital. 
>
> ​	他们正设法确定医院的修建地点

​	英 [ˈsɪtʃueɪt]   美 [ˈsɪtʃueɪt] 

###### radar

> Radar(雷达) sensors monitor the position of nearby vehicles

###### pedestrian

> Video cameras detect traffic lights, read road signs, track other vehicles, and look for pedestrians(行人).

###### bounce

​	`if sth **bounces** or you **bounce** it, it moves quickly away from a surface it has just hit or you make it do this （使）弹起，弹跳；反射`

> Lidar (light detection and ranging) sensors bounce(弹起) pulses of light off the car’s surroundings to measure distances, detect road edges, and identify lane markings
>
> She bounced the ball against the wall. 她对着墙打球。
>
> The ball bounced twice before he could reach it. 球弹了两次他才接到。 

###### flock

> A flock of birds

###### bumper

​	`a bar fixed to the front and back of a car, etc. to reduce the effect if it hits anything （汽车头尾的）保险杠`

> bumper-to-bumper traffic

###### naive

###### quarrel

> They are quarreling for trifles

​	英 [ˈkwɒrəl]   美 [ˈkwɔrəl] 

###### congestion

​	`N-UNCOUNT If there is **congestion** in a place, the place is extremely crowded and blocked with traffic or people. 拥塞`

> Reduce traffic congestion(拥堵) (30% fewer vehicles on the road)

​	英 [kənˈdʒestʃən]   美 [kənˈdʒestʃən] 