## 2.06	Saturday

###### handicap

> Rather than putting their reputation on the line again,many successful people develop a handicap(障碍)-drinking,fatigue,depression

###### obsess

> In fact,the people most likely to become chronic excuse makers are those obsessed(使迷住) with success
>
> She obsessed me(她迷住了我)

​	英 [əbˈses]   美 [əbˈsɛs, ɑb-] 

###### dawn

> It dawned on me why I had not yet left the family home

###### logistical

>It wasn't that I relied on them for logistical(后勤的) reasons

###### saturate

​	`V-T If people or things **saturate** a place or object, they fill it completely so that no more can be added. 使饱和; 使充满`

> While the conversation about young adults staying longer at home is saturated by talk of laziness
>
> In the last days before the vote, both sides are saturating the airwaves.
>
> 在投票前的最后几天，双方的宣传充斥着各个广播频道。

​	英 [ˈsætʃəreɪt]   美 [ˈsætʃəˌret] 

###### detrimental

​	`ADJ Something that is **detrimental** **to** something else has a harmful or damaging effect on it. 有害的`

> Perhaps worse,the detrimental effects of an unhealthy diet and insufficient exercise are not limited to your body

###### indulge

​	`V-T/V-I If you **indulge** **in** something or if you **indulge** **yourself**, you allow yourself to have or do something that you know you will enjoy. 使沉溺; 沉溺`

> Recent research has also shown that indulging(沉溺) in a high-fat and high-sugar diet may have negative effects on your brain
>
> Only rarely will she indulge in a glass of wine.
>
> 她只是偶尔才会喝上杯葡萄酒
>
> He returned to Ohio so that he could indulge his passion for football.
>
> 他重返俄亥俄以释放自己对足球的激情。

​	英 [ɪnˈdʌldʒ]   美 [ɪnˈdʌldʒ] 

###### Supposedly

> Supposedly(据说), his aversion to everything Jewish came to fruition when he was living and working as a painter in Vienna (1908-1913). 

###### contract

> Yet other theories suggest that Hitler had contracted(感染) a venereal disease from a Jewish prostitute

###### enlist

> In 1914, he enlisted(参军，入伍) in the German army, which, together with the Austro-Hungarian Empire, was fighting France, England, and Russia

###### dormitory

>Stumbling, he groped his way back to the dormitory(宿舍) and dug his ‘burning head in blanket and pillow

###### provoke

> It provoked(激起，引发) a right-wing reaction, which in turn resulted in bloodshed

###### expel

> During the 1930s, he did everything he could to expel(驱逐) the Jews from German society

