## 2.07	Sunday

###### grind

> Your drive has become a grind(苦磨)

###### startup

> When work-life balance isn’t actively addressed, conditions can lead to tech staff suffering from burnout, says Chris Nicholson, CEO of Skymind. This is particularly true at startups(创业公司).

###### at length

> He at length(详细的) talked about what happened in Russia, where the VKP(b) was Jewish-lead, the October Revolution largely executed by Jews and the systematic slaughter of the Russian Germanic elites as well as the genocides of regular Russians at the hands of the Bolsheviks.

###### exile

> These empires and kingdoms often oppressed Jews, killed them, or exiled(流放) them.

​	/ˈɛksʌɪl,ˈɛɡzʌɪl/

###### intern

> First off, he did not kill them, he interned(拘留) and ousted them.

###### namely

> But he sure hated them. And for a good reason. The financial system is in the hands of Jews, namely(也就是) the Rothschilds.

###### escalate

> Retaliation upon retaliation escalated(加剧) a conflict so intense, there was no other choice for Hitler than to imprison all Jews and liquidate the SA to stop the fighting

​	英 [ˈeskəleɪt]   美 [ˈeskəleɪt] 

###### intense

> Retaliation upon retaliation escalated(加剧) a conflict so intense(强烈的), there was no other choice for Hitler than to imprison all Jews and liquidate the SA to stop the fighting

###### outlying

> He later devised plans to resettle them to an outlying(边远的) landmark of Russia, called Birobidschan “Die Judenrepublik”.

###### scrap

> However Churchill would not make peace and so that idea was scrapped(废弃) in January 1941.



