###### arouse

​	`V-T If something **arouses** a particular reaction or attitude in people, it causes them to have that reaction or attitude. 引起`

> But many middle-class occupations-trucking,financial advice,software engineering-have aroused(引起) their interest,or soon will
>
> His revolutionary work in linguistics has aroused intense scholarly interest.
>
> 他在语言学方面的革命性著作引起了强烈的学术兴趣。

###### alarmist

​	`ADJ Someone or something that is **alarmist** causes unnecessary fear or anxiety that something unpleasant or dangerous is going to happen. 危言耸听的`

> This isn't to be alarmist(危言耸听的)

###### upheaval

> Optimists point out that technological upheaval(巨变) has benefited works in the past.

###### underline

> The challenge of coping with automation underlines(强调) the need for the U.S. to revive its fading business dynamism

###### upend

​	`V-T If you **upend** something, you turn it upside down. 颠倒`

> Technology will improve society in ways big and small over the next few years,yet this will be little comfort to those who find their lives and careers upended(颠覆) automation.

​	英 [ʌpˈend]   美 [ʌpˈɛnd]  

###### nuts

​	`ADJ If you say that someone goes **nuts** or is **nuts**, you mean that they go crazy or are very foolish. 发疯的; 愚蠢的 [非正式] [v-link ADJ]`

> Destroying the machines that are coming for our jobs would be nuts(发疯的)

###### against the background 

> It is against the background(在...背景下) that the information commissioner,Elizabeth Denham,has issued her damning verdict against the Royal Free hospital trust under the NHS

###### mend

> DeepMind has almost apologized. The NHS trust has mended(更改) its ways.

###### deny

​	`V-T If you **deny** someone something that they need or want, you refuse to let them have it. 拒绝给予`

> A regulatory structure that denies management the flexibility to adjust its operations to the new reality

###### exert

​	`V-T If someone or something **exerts** influence, authority, or pressure, they use it in a strong or determined way, especially in order to produce a particular effect. 施加 (影响、压力); 运用 (权威) [正式]`

> And interest groups ranging from postal unions to greeting-card makers exert self-interested pressure on the USPS's ultimate overseer-Congress-insisting that whatever else happens to the Postal Service,aspects of the status quo they depend on get protected
>
> He exerted considerable influence on the thinking of the scientific community on these issues.
>
> 他对科学界在这些问题上的思考施加了相当大的影响。

​	英 [ɪɡˈzɜːt] 美 [ɪɡˈzɜːrt] 