###### host

​	`QUANT A **host** **of** things is a lot of them. 大量`

> Besides helping you feel close and connected to people you care about,it turns out that hugs can bring a host of(许多) health benefits to your body and mind

###### tragic

​	`ADJ A **tragic** event or situation is extremely sad, usually because it involves death or suffering. 悲惨的; 不幸的`

>The crash of EgyptAir Flight 804,which terrorists may have downed over the Mediterranean Sea,provides another tragic(悲剧的) reminder of why.

###### undermine

​	`V-T If you **undermine** something such as a feeling or a system, you make it less strong or less secure than it was before, often by a gradual process or by repeated efforts. 逐渐削弱; 逐渐动摇`

> But demanding too much of air travelers or providing too little security in return undermines public support for the process.

###### drag

​	`N-SING If something is **a drag on** the development or progress of something, it slows it down or makes it more difficult. 阻碍`

> Wasted time is a drag(拖累) on Americans' economic and private lives,not to mention infuriating

###### undercover

​	`ADJ **Undercover** work involves secretly obtaining information for the government or the police. 秘密的`

> undercover investigators were able to sneak weapons-both fake and real-past airport security nearly every time they tried

###### sneak

​	`V-T If you **sneak** something somewhere, you take it there secretly. 偷偷地拿`

> undercover investigators were able to sneak weapons-both fake and real-past airport security nearly every time they tried

​	英 [sni:k]   美 [snik] 

###### steep

​	`ADJ A **steep** increase or decrease in something is a very big increase or decrease. 急剧的`

> Part of the issue is that the government did not anticipate the steep increase in airline travel

​	英 [sti:p]   美 [stip] 

###### eligible

​	`ADJ Someone who is **eligible** **to** do something is qualified or able to do it, for example, because they are old enough. 有资格的`

> Passengers who pass a background check are eligible(有资格的) to use expedited screening lanes.

​	英 [ˈelɪdʒəbl]   美 [ˈɛlɪdʒəbəl] 

###### expedite

​	`V-T If you **expedite** something, you cause it to be done more quickly. 加快 [正式]`

>Passengers who pass a background check are eligible(有资格的) to use expedited screening lanes.

​	英 [ˈekspədaɪt]   美 [ˈɛkspɪˌdaɪt]  

###### reign

​	`V-I When a king or queen **reigns**, he or she rules a country. 在位统治`

> The ancient Hawaiians were astronomers,wrote Queen Liliuokalani,Hawaii's last reigning(统治) monarch,in 1897

​	英 [reɪn]   美 [ren]  

###### observatory

> Protests have erupted over construction of the Thirty Meter Telescope ,a giant observatory(天文台，观测台) that promises to revolutionize humanity's view of cosmos

###### cosmos

​	`N-SING **The cosmos** is the universe. 宇宙 [文学性]`

> Protests have erupted over construction of the Thirty Meter Telescope ,a giant observatory(天文台，观测台) that promises to revolutionize humanity's view of cosmos

​	英 [ˈkɒzmɒs]   美 [ˈkɑzmoʊs] 

###### vocal

​	`ADJ You say that people are **vocal** when they speak forcefully about something that they feel strongly about. 直言不讳的`

> A small but vocal(直言不讳的) group of Hawaiians and environmentalists have long viewed their presence as disrespect for sacred land and a painful reminder of the occupation of what was once a sovereign nation

​	英 [ˈvəʊkl]   美 [ˈvoʊkl]  

###### sacred

>A small but vocal(直言不讳的) group of Hawaiians and environmentalists have long viewed their presence as disrespect for sacred(神圣的) land and a painful reminder of the occupation of what was once a sovereign nation

​	英 [ˈseɪkrɪd]   美 [ˈsekrɪd]  

###### sovereign

​	`ADJ A **sovereign** state or country is independent and not under the authority of any other country. 具有独立主权的`

>A small but vocal(直言不讳的) group of Hawaiians and environmentalists have long viewed their presence as disrespect for sacred(神圣的) land and a painful reminder of the occupation of what was once a sovereign nation

​	英 [ˈsɒvrɪn]   美 [ˈsɑvrən] 

###### fragile

​	`ADJ If you describe a situation as **fragile**, you mean that it is weak or uncertain, and unlikely to be able to resist strong pressure or attack. 脆弱的 [journalism]`

> They did not always prioritize the protection of Mauna Kea's fragile ecosystems or its holiness to the island's inhabitants

​	英 [ˈfrædʒaɪl]   美 [ˈfrædʒaɪl] 

###### defy

​	`V-T If you **defy** someone or something that is trying to make you behave in a particular way, you refuse to obey them and behave in that way. 违抗`

> GDP as the measure of success is widely defied in the UK
>
> ​	英国人不相信GDP的这个纸上数字了

​	英 [dɪˈfaɪ]   美 [dɪˈfaɪ] 

###### bud

​	`发芽`

​	`ADJ You use **budding** to describe a situation that is just beginning. 萌发中的 [ADJ n]`

> Yes,there has been a budding economic recovery since the 2008 global crash

###### unanimous

​	`ADJ When a group of people are **unanimous**, they all agree about something or all vote for the same thing. 一致同意的`

> In a rare unanimous ruling,the US Supreme Court has overturned the corruption conviction of a former Virginia governor

​	英 [juˈnænɪməs]   美 [jʊˈnænəməs] 

###### conviction

​	`N-COUNT If someone has a **conviction**, they have been found guilty of a crime in a court of law. 判罪`

> In a rare unanimous ruling,the US Supreme Court has overturned the corruption conviction of a former Virginia governor

​	英 [kənˈvɪkʃn]   美 [kənˈvɪkʃən] 