###### impair

>“We’ve found that if you’re sleep-deprived, performance suffers,” says Dr David. “Short-term memory is impaired, so are abilities to make decisions and to concentrate

###### feature

​	`feature + sth	以。。。为特色`

> Over the long course of development, Chinese architecture has developed a style featuring timberwork combined with stone carving, rammed earth construction and other techniques to make its way inside

###### cutting-edge

​	`领先的`

>Being equipped with one of the most recent cutting-edge IT products could just help a college or university foster a cutting-edge reputation.

###### tie-breaker

​	`平局决胜的`

​	`tie	平局`

>Still, at the most selective schools, where thousands of candidates may submit identically high grades and test scores,a marginal item like the essay may serve as a tie-breaker between two equally qualified candidates.

###### better off

> Applicants are usually better off if they can write an essay that distinguishes them from the rest.

###### thick on the ground

​	`遍地都是`

> Meg is a lawyer-mom in suburban Washington, D.C., where lawyer-moms are thick on the ground

###### tourist attractions

> Today, the Forbidden City is a public museum and has become one of the most popular tourist attractions in the world

###### stack

> Stacked near the checkout counters, and as colourful as a Fisher-Price toy, is a not-so-serious looking power tool: a battery-operated saw-and-drill combination.
>
> ​	在收银台附近，堆放着一件看起来不那么严肃的电动工具:一个由电池驱动的锯子和电钻组合，颜色就像Fisher-Price玩具一样鲜艳。

###### real skill

> You don't have the real skill
>
> ​	你没有真本事

###### A leopard can not change it's spots

> 江山易改，本性难移

###### might

> Grandmaster's might

###### relentless

> relentless assault